('Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity', "2 Tuners + 1 non-Tuner DARK Dragon Synchro Monster\r\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can activate this effect; for the rest of this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards, also cards your opponent controls cannot activate their effects. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. If this card destroys a monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can target 1 Level 8 or lower DARK Dragon Synchro Monster in your GY; Special Summon it.")
('Number C106: Giant Red Hand', '3 Level 5 monsters\nIf this card has a "Number" monster as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated on the field: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, and if you do, negate the effects of all other face-up cards currently on the field until the end of this turn.')
('Sylvan Princessprite', '2 Level 1 monsters\r\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Spell/Trap, add it to your hand. Otherwise, send it to the GY. You can send 1 other Plant monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the GY, then target 1 "Sylvan" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Sylvan Princessprite" once per turn.')
("Odin's Eye", 'Once per turn, during each player\'s Standby Phase: You can target 1 "Aesir" monster you control; negate its effects until the end of this turn, and if you do, look at all cards in your opponent\'s hand and all Set cards they control. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect\'s activation.')
('Number 57: Tri-Head Dust Dragon', "3 Level 4 monsters\nWhen this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; this card gains ATK equal to that monster's current ATK. If your opponent controls more cards than you do: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then choose 1 unused Main Monster Zone or Spell & Trap Zone; while this card is face-up on the field, that zone cannot be used.")
('Goblin Recon Squad', "If this card successfully attacks directly, you can look at 1 random card in your opponent's hand. If it is a Spell Card, send it to the Graveyard. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. This card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, except with a card effect.")
('Exodia the Forbidden One', 'If you have "Right Leg of the Forbidden One", "Left Leg of the Forbidden One", "Right Arm of the Forbidden One" and "Left Arm of the Forbidden One" in addition to this card in your hand, you win the Duel.')
('Scrap Chimera', 'This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Scrap" monster, and all other Synchro Material Monsters must also be "Scrap" monsters. When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select 1 "Scrap" Tuner monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it.')
('Garnecia Elefantis', 'A monster so heavy that each step rocks the earth.')
('Magical Musketeer Calamity', 'During either player\'s turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in this card\'s column: You can target 1 "Magical Musket" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Calamity" once per turn.')
('Blackwing - Calima the Haze', "During your opponent's Battle Phase, if you control no monsters: You can banish this card from the Graveyard, then target 1 Synchro Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, but banish it at the end of the Battle Phase (this is a Quick Effect).")
('Fossil Warrior Skull Bone', '1 Rock monster + 1 Level 4 or lower monster\r\nMust first be Special Summoned with "Fossil Fusion". This card can make a second attack on monsters during each Battle Phase. You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Time Stream" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Fossil Warrior Skull Bone" once per turn.')
('Ancient City - Rainbow Ruins', 'You must have this many "Crystal Beast" cards in your Spell & Trap Card Zone to activate and to resolve these effects. ● 1+: This card cannot be destroyed by card effects. ● 2+: Once per turn (including the opponent\'s) you can halve the Battle Damage you take. ● 3+: During either player\'s turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can send 1 "Crystal Beast" monster you control to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. ● 4+: Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can draw 1 card. ● 5: Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can target 1 "Crystal Beast" card in your Spell & Trap Card Zone; Special Summon that target.')
('Lord of the Red', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Red-Eyes Transmigration". Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated, except "Lord of the Red": You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated, except "Lord of the Red": You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.')
('Venom Boa', 'Once per turn, you can place 2 Venom Counters on 1 monster your opponent controls. If you activate this effect, this card cannot attack during this turn.')
('Progleo', '2 monsters, except Tokens\r\nDuring your Main Phase, if you control this Link Summoned card: You can banish this card and 1 of your monsters this card points to, then target 1 Link Monster in either GY; Special Summon it, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Progleo" once per turn.')
('Dark Mimic LV3', 'If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Draw 1 card, but if this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Dark Mimic LV1", draw 2 cards instead.')
('Exodia Necross', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Contract with Exodia", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be destroyed by battle or Spell/Trap effect. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: This card gains 500 ATK. Destroy this card unless all 5 of these cards are in your Graveyard - "Exodia the Forbidden One", "Right Arm of the Forbidden One", "Left Arm of the Forbidden One", "Right Leg of the Forbidden One" and "Left Leg of the Forbidden One".')
('Morphtronic Videon', '● While in Attack Position: This card gains 800 ATK for each Equip Card equipped to it. \n● While in Defense Position: This card gains 800 DEF for each Equip Card equipped to it.')
("Al-Lumi'raj", 'All monsters on the field lose ATK and DEF equal to their own Level/Rank x 300.')
('Psychic Wheeleder', 'If you control a Level 3 monster other than "Psychic Wheeleder", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position. You can only Special Summon "Psychic Wheeleder" once per turn this way. If this card is sent to the GY as Synchro Material: You can target 1 monster on the field with less ATK than the Synchro Monster that used this card as material; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Psychic Wheeleder" once per turn.')
('Witchcrafter Madame Verre', 'During damage calculation, if your Spellcaster monster battles an opponent\'s monster (Quick Effect): You can reveal any number of Spells with different names in your hand, and if you do, your battling monster gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card revealed, until the end of this turn. (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 Spell; negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Madame Verre" once per turn.')
('Monster Reborn Reborn', 'Target 3 monsters in your GY; your opponent chooses 1, you Special Summon it, and if you do, banish the rest. You can only activate 1 "Monster Reborn Reborn" per turn.')
('Cross Attack', 'Target 2 face-up Attack Position monsters you control with the same ATK; this turn, one of them can attack your opponent directly and the other cannot attack.')
('Santa Claws', "You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's field in Defense Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If Summoned this way, once, during the End Phase of this turn: You can draw 1 card.")
('Crystron Citree', 'During your opponent\'s Main Phase or Battle Phase: You can target 1 non-Tuner monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Machine-Type Synchro Monster using only that monster and this card (this is a Quick Effect). These Synchro Materials are banished instead of being sent to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Crystron Citree" once per turn.')
('Revolving Switchyard', 'If a Level 10 EARTH Machine monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can activate this effect; your opponent takes no battle damage for the rest of this turn (even if this card leaves the field), also you Special Summon 1 Level 4 EARTH Machine monster with 1800 or more ATK from your Deck, and if you do, it becomes Level 10. You can send 1 card from your hand to the GY; add 1 Level 10 EARTH Machine monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Revolving Switchyard" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('House of Adhesive Tape', 'If the DEF of a monster summoned by your opponent (excluding Special Summon) is 500 points or less, the monster is destroyed.')
('Ancient Gear Soldier', 'If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.')
('Archfiend Zombie-Skull', '"Plaguespreader Zombie" + 2+ non-Tuner Zombie monsters\r\nZombie monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Dark Contract with Errors', 'Once per turn, if you control a "D/D" monster: You can negate all Trap Card effects on the field (other than this card\'s) for the rest of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage.')
('Harpie Lady Elegance', 'Shuffle 1 "Harpie Lady Sisters" from your Monster Zone into the Deck, then you can Special Summon 3 "Harpie" monsters with different original names, 1 each from your hand, Deck, and GY. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except WIND monsters. If this card you control is destroyed by a "Harpie" card\'s effect or your opponent\'s card effect: Add 1 "Harpie" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Harpie Lady Elegance" once per turn.')
('Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf you control no monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser" once per Duel.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nGains 1100 ATK if you control no other monsters. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Abyss Script" Spell from your Deck to the GY; add 1 face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.')
('Fusion Destiny', 'Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck that lists a "Destiny HERO" monster as material, using monsters from your hand or Deck as Fusion Material, but destroy it during the End Phase of the next turn, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except DARK "HERO" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Fusion Destiny" per turn.')
('Armed Dragon Blitz', 'Target 1 "Armed Dragon" monster you control; take 1 monster with the same name from your Deck or GY, and either add it to your hand or Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions, but the Special Summoned monster cannot attack directly. You can only activate 1 "Armed Dragon Blitz" per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, except Dragon monsters.')
('Performapal Silver Claw', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nAll "Performapal" monsters you control gain 300 ATK.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card declares an attack: All "Performapal" monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK, until the end of the Battle Phase.')
('Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon', '2 Level 4 monsters\r\nYou can detach 2 materials from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its current ATK, and if it does, this card gains that lost ATK.')
('Obelisk the Tormentor', "Requires 3 Tributes to Normal Summon (cannot be Normal Set). This card's Normal Summon cannot be negated. When Normal Summoned, cards and effects cannot be activated. Neither player can target this card with card effects. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned: Send it to the GY. You can Tribute 2 monsters; destroy all monsters your opponent controls. This card cannot declare an attack the turn this effect is activated.")
('Weeping Idol', 'You can remove from play 1 Tuner monster in your Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Dash Warrior', 'If this card attacks, it gains 1200 ATK during the Damage Step only.')
('Tri-Brigade Rugal the Silver Sheller', '2+ Beast, Beast-Warrior, and/or Winged Beast monsters\r\nDuring your opponent\'s Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster from your hand or GY, but negate its effects, also, return it to the hand during the End Phase. If this card is sent to the GY: You can make all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 300 ATK for each Monster Type you control, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Tri-Brigade Rugal the Silver Sheller" once per turn.')
('Junk Breaker', 'During your Main Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can Tribute this card; all face-up monsters on the field have their effects negated until the end of this turn.')
('Chow Len the Prophet', "Once per turn: You can declare either Spell or Trap, then target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone; look at that target, and if it is the declared card type, that card cannot be activated this turn.")
('Reaper Scythe - Dreadscythe', 'Equip only to "Guardian Dreadscythe". It gains 500 ATK for each monster in the Graveyards.')
('Mythic Depths', '[At the start of the Duel, place this card in your Field Zone and flip it over.]\r\n\r\nAll Fish, Sea Serpent, Thunder, and Aqua monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF. All Machine and Pyro monsters on the field lose 200 ATK/DEF. This card\'s name becomes "Umi" while on the field.')
('Dark World Brainwashing', 'When an opponent\'s monster activates its effect, if you have 3 or more cards in your hand (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "Dark World" monster on the field; return it to the hand, and if you do, the activated effect becomes "Discard 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand".')
('Hero Flash!!', 'Banish "H - Heated Heart", "E - Emergency Call", "R - Righteous Justice" and "O - Oversoul" from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster from your Deck. All "Elemental HERO" Normal Monsters you currently control can attack your opponent directly this turn.')
('Shared Ride', 'For the rest of this turn, each time a card(s) is added from the Main Deck or GY to your opponent\'s hand, except by drawing them, you immediately draw 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Shared Ride" per turn.')
('Key Mouse', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Level 3 or lower Beast-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Magical Undertaker', 'FLIP: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Spellcaster monster in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Heraldic Beast Unicorn', 'You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target 1 Psychic-Type Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. Its effects are negated. You can only use the effect of "Heraldic Beast Unicorn" once per turn.')
('Doomstar Magician', "Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card in either player's Pendulum Zone; destroy that card, and if you do, draw 1 card.")
('Kurama', 'A vicious bird that attacks from the skies with its whip-like tail.')
('Baba Barber', '2 monsters\r\nAt the start of each Battle Phase: You can target this card or 1 monster this card points to; banish it until the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Baba Barber" once per turn.')
('Aqua Madoor', 'A wizard of the waters that conjures a liquid wall to crush any enemies that oppose him.')
('Bone Temple Block', "Discard 1 card. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your opponent's Graveyard to your side of the field, and your opponent Special Summons 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your Graveyard to your opponent's side of the field. Those monsters are destroyed during the End Phase of the next turn.")
('Column Switch', 'Target 1 monster in your Main Monster Zone; move that target to another of your Main Monster Zones.')
('Man-Eating Black Shark', '"Sea Kamen" + "Gruesome Goo" + "Amazon of the Seas"')
('Felis, Lightsworn Archer', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. If this card is sent from your Deck to the GY by a monster effect: Special Summon it. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, then send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.')
('Water Spirit', 'This ancient water spirit haunts the glacial monoliths of Antarctica. It has the power to seep into the pores of any substance and chill it to the bone.')
('Appliancer Breakerbuncle', 'During damage calculation, if your "Appliancer" monster battles an opponent\'s monster (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; for that battle, your monster cannot be destroyed by battle and you take no battle damage. If an "Appliancer" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your field or GY instead.')
('Elemental HERO Ice Edge', "When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: You can target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone; destroy that target. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can discard 1 card; this card can attack your opponent directly this turn.")
('Brave Scizzar', 'Armed with a mass of scissors, this monster can clip an enemy into any desired shape and size.')
('Thunder Dragonhawk', 'You can discard this card; Special Summon 1 of your "Thunder Dragon" monsters that is banished or in your GY, except "Thunder Dragonhawk". If this card is banished, or sent from the field to the GY: You can shuffle any number of cards from your hand into the Deck, then draw the same number of cards. You can only use 1 "Thunder Dragonhawk" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Inzektor Firefly', 'Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. If an "Inzektor" card equips to this card: You can look at all Set cards your opponent controls. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster\'s Level is increased by 1, also it gains ATK and DEF equal to this card\'s ATK and DEF.')
('Dark Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 Fiend Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. Your opponent cannot target it with card effects this turn.')
('Solemn Scolding', 'If this is the only Set card in your Spell & Trap Zone, when a monster would be Summoned, OR a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect is activated: Pay 3000 LP; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Tour of Doom', "During your opponent's Standby Phase, toss a coin. ● Heads: Your opponent cannot Normal Summon or Flip Summon until the End Phase. ● Tails: You cannot Normal Summon or Flip Summon during your next turn.")
('Alien Mother', "If this card destroys a monster with an A-Counter by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, Special Summon the destroyed monster to your side of the field at the end of the Battle Phase. When this card is removed from the field, all monsters that were Special Summoned by this card's effect are destroyed.")
("Tyrant's Temper", 'Tribute 1 monster to activate this card. All face-up monsters on the field that you own are unaffected by other Trap Cards.')
('Valkyrie Zweite', 'If this card is Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. After damage calculation, if this card battled: You can target 1 Continuous Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Valkyrie Zweite" once per turn.')
('Shaddoll Construct', '2 Flip monsters\r\nDuring your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your hand or face-up field to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Shaddoll Construct" once per turn.')
('Boot-Up Order - Gear Force', "When either player's monster declares an attack and all monsters you control are face-up Machine monsters (min. 1): Destroy Attack Position monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of Machine monsters you control.")
("Koa'ki Meiru War Arms", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Warrior-Type monster in your hand. Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK equal to half the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy all monsters equipped to it by this effect instead.')
('Fusion Guard', 'Activate only when an effect that inflicts damage is activated. Negate its activation and effect, and randomly send 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Enlightenment Paladin', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned using a "Magician" Pendulum Monster as Material: You can target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Enlightenment Paladin" once per turn. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster\'s original ATK.')
('Spell Striker', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard. This card can attack directly. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card.')
('Cyclamen the Rikka Fairy', 'You can Tribute this card from your hand or face-up field, then target up to 2 Plant monsters you control; reduce their Level(s) by 2 until the end of this turn. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was Tributed and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Cyclamen the Rikka Fairy" once per turn.')
('Dimension Fortress Weapon', 'Cards cannot be sent from the Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Amorphactor Pain, the Imagination Dracoverlord', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Amorphous Persona". If this card is Ritual Summoned: Your opponent skips their next Main Phase 1. Negate the effects of face-up Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Monsters while they are on the field. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Dracoverlord" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Amorphactor Pain, the Imagination Dracoverlord".')
('A/D Changer', 'You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster on the field; change its battle position.')
('Magnetic Field', 'If you control a Level 4 or lower EARTH Rock-Type monster: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Magnetic Field" once per turn. Once per turn, at the end of the Damage Step, when an EARTH Rock-Type monster you control battled an opponent\'s monster, but the opponent\'s monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can return that opponent\'s monster to the hand.')
('Millennium Necklace (Skill Card)', '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.] \r\n\r\nAt the start of the opponent’s turn, before they draw, you may look at the top 3 cards of their Deck and rearrange them in any order.\r\nThis Skill can only be used once per Duel.')
('Bujin Yamato', 'Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can add 1 "Bujin" monster from your Deck to your hand, then send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard. You can only control 1 "Bujin Yamato".')
('Thunder Option Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Blue Thunder T-45". This Token cannot be used as a Tribute for a Tribute Summon.')
('Super Armored Robot Armed Black Iron "C"', 'If you have 3 Insect monsters with the same name in your GY: You can target any number of them; Special Summon this card from your hand, then equip them to this card. You can send 1 monster equipped to this card by this card\'s effect to the GY; destroy all monsters your opponent controls with ATK greater than or equal to the ATK of the monster sent to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Super Armored Robot Armed Black Iron "C"" once per turn.')
('Synkron Resonator', 'If a Synchro Monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Synkron Resonator" once per turn this way. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Resonator" monster in your Graveyard, except "Synkron Resonator"; add it to your hand.')
('Elemental HERO Stratos', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Destroy Spells/Traps on the field, up to the number of "HERO" monsters you control, except this card.\r\n● Add 1 "HERO" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Dododo Driver', 'Up to twice per turn, if this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dododo" monster this turn: You can target 1 "Dododo" monster you control, then activate 1 of these effects;\n● Increase its Level by 1.\n● Reduce its Level by 1.')
('Live☆Twin Lil-la Treat', 'If you control a "Ki-sikil" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Live☆Twin Lil-la Treat" once per turn this way. When a player takes battle damage from an attack involving an "Evil★Twin" monster: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses ATK equal to that battle damage. You can only use this effect of "Live Twin Lil-la Treat" once per turn.')
('Underworld Fighter Balmung', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your Graveyard, except this card; Special Summon that target.')
("Raider's Wing", '(This card is always treated as a "The Phantom Knights" and "Raidraptor" card.)\r\nIf this card is in your hand or GY: You can detach 1 material from your DARK Xyz Monster; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Raider\'s Wing" once per turn. An Xyz Monster whose original Attribute is DARK and has this card as material gains this effect.\r\n● Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects.')
('Augmented Heraldry', 'Psychic-Type Xyz Monsters on the field cannot be targeted by Spell/Trap effects. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Heraldic Beast" monster; add 1 "Heraldry" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand, except "Augmented Heraldry". You cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except Psychic-Type Xyz Monsters and "Heraldic Beast" monsters (even if this card leaves the field).')
('Saber Shark', 'Cannot be used as a Synchro Material. Up to twice per turn: You can target 1 Fish-Type monster on the field, then activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Increase its Level by 1.\r\n● Reduce its Level by 1.\r\nYou cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except WATER monsters.')
('Magnet Conversion', 'Target up to 3 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monsters in your Graveyard; add them to your hand. During either player\'s turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 of your banished Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monsters; Special Summon it.')
('Avatar of The Pot', 'By sending 1 "Pot of Greed" from your hand to the Graveyard, draw 3 cards from your Deck.')
('Relieve Monster', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target 1 monster you control; return that target to the hand, then Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your hand.")
('Nobleman-Eater Bug', 'FLIP: Destroy 2 monsters on the field.')
('ZS - Ascend Sage', 'If you control no cards, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). A "Utopia" Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as material gains the following effect. You can only use the preceding effect of "ZS - Ascend Sage" once per turn.\r\n● If it is Xyz Summoned: You can add 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Normal Spell from your Deck to your hand.')
('Lappis Dragon', 'If this card is added from the Deck to your hand: You can reveal this card; Special Summon it. If this card is added from your GY to your hand by a card effect: You can reveal this card; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use 1 "Lappis Dragon" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Deskbot 003', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Deskbot" monster from your Deck, except "Deskbot 003". Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 "Deskbot" monster you control; it gains 500 ATK/DEF for each "Deskbot" card you currently control, until the end of this turn.')
('Abyss-scale of the Kraken', 'Equip only to a "Mermail" monster. It gains 400 ATK. When a monster effect that was activated on your opponent\'s side of the field resolves, negate that effect, then send this card to the Graveyard.')
('Ojama Pink', 'If this card is sent from the hand or field to the GY: You can have each player draw 1 card, then each player discards 1 card, then, if you discarded an "Ojama" card with this effect, you can choose 1 opponent\'s unused Monster Zone, and that zone cannot be used until the end of your opponent\'s turn. You can only use this effect of "Ojama Pink" once per turn.')
('Cursed Bamboo Sword', 'The equipped monster gains 0 ATK. You can target 1 other "Bamboo Sword" card you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, the equipped monster can attack your opponent directly this turn. You can only use this effect of "Cursed Bamboo Sword" once per turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Bamboo Sword" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Cursed Bamboo Sword".')
('Sylvan Komushroomo', 'When this card is flipped face-up: You can choose a number from 1 to 5, then excavate that many cards from the top of your Deck, send any excavated Plant-Type monsters to the Graveyard, also place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak', 'If this card was Special Summoned, it cannot be used as a Synchro Material.')
('Disciple of Nephthys', 'During your Main Phase: You can destroy 1 card in your hand, and if you do, add 1 "Nephthys" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Disciple of Nephthys". During your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Nephthys" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Disciple of Nephthys" once per turn.')
('Wroughtweiler', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 "Elemental HERO" card and 1 "Polymerization" in your Graveyard; add both those targets to your hand.')
('Endless Decay', "If you have 2000 LP or less, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: This card's ATK becomes half the opponent's LP.")
('Bounzer Guard', 'Target 1 face-up "Bounzer" monster you control; this turn, it cannot be targeted by other card effects, or be destroyed by battle. This turn, if an opponent\'s monster attacks, it must target that monster for an attack if it is still on the field.')
('D/D/D Eulogy King Vice Requiem', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can target any number of "Dark Contract" cards you control; destroy them, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone, then you can increase or reduce this card\'s Level by the number of cards destroyed. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Eulogy King Vice Requiem" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Special Summon monsters, except "D/D/D" monsters. A "D/D/D" monster that was Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summoned using this card on the field as material gains the following effect. You can only use the preceding effect of "D/D/D Eulogy King Vice Requiem" once per turn.\r\n● Once per turn: You can target 1 card on the field; shuffle 1 "Dark Contract" card from your field or GY into the Deck, and if you do, destroy that target, then gain 1000 LP.')
('Majestic Red Dragon', '"Majestic Dragon" + "Red Dragon Archfiend" + 1 non-Tuner monster\nCannot be destroyed by card effects. After damage calculation, if this card attacks: Destroy all Defense Position monsters on the field. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; negate its effects, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to that monster\'s ATK. These changes last until the end of this turn. During the End Phase: Target 1 "Red Dragon Archfiend" in your Graveyard; return this card from the field to the Extra Deck, then Special Summon that target.')
('Spiked Snail', 'A very fast, bipedal snail with a pair of lethal arms.')
('Blackbird Close', 'When a monster your opponent controls activates its effect: You can send 1 face-up "Blackwing" monster you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then, you can Special Summon 1 "Black-Winged Dragon" from your Extra Deck. If you control a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster or "Black-Winged Dragon", you can activate this card from your hand.')
('Immortal Ruler', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Zombie World" in your GY; add that target to your hand.')
('Time Thief Winder', 'You can detach 1 material from an Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Time Thief" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Time Thief Winder". You can only use each effect of "Time Thief Winder" once per turn.')
('Just Desserts', 'Inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster they control.')
('Winged Egg of New Life', 'Legend has it that this creature can foretell the birth of children.')
('Gladiator Beast Attorix', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: You can send 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck to the GY, except "Gladiator Beast Attorix"; until the End Phase, this card\'s Level and name become the same as that monster sent to the GY. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Attorix".')
('Sylvan Bladefender', "When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can add this card from your Graveyard to your hand.")
('Monk of the Tenyi', '1 non-Link "Tenyi" monster')
('The Ice-Bound God', 'If 2 or more WATER monsters are on the field: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that face-up monster cannot attack, also its effects are negated. If a Level 5 or higher WATER monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "The Ice-Bound God" once per turn.')
('Xyz Burst', 'If you control a Rank 6 or higher Xyz Monster: Destroy all Set cards your opponent controls.')
('Mustering of the Dark Scorpions', 'If you control a face-up "Don Zaloog": You can Special Summon any number of "Dark Scorpion" monsters from your hand, but only 1 copy of each.')
('Ignoble Knight of High Laundsallyn', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Noble Knight" monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can equip 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card from your Deck to this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Noble Knight" or "Noble Arms" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only control 1 "Ignoble Knight of High Laundsallyn".')
('Cyberse Reminder', '2 Level 3 monsters\r\nYou can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Cynet" Spell/Trap in your GY; add it to your hand. If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect while in its owner\'s Monster Zone: You can Special Summon 2 Level 4 Cyberse monsters with different names from your Deck, but their effects are negated. You can only use each effect of "Cyberse Reminder" once per turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate either of this card\'s effects, except Cyberse monsters.')
('Magician of Chaos', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Chaos Form". This card\'s name becomes "Dark Magician" while on the field or in the GY. Once per turn, when a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this Ritual Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Chaos" or "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster from your hand, except "Magician of Chaos", ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Temple of the Six', 'Each time a "Six Samurai" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 1 Bushido Counter on this card. Monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK for each Bushido Counter on this card.')
('Altergeist Protocol', 'The activation and effects of "Altergeist" cards activated on your field cannot be negated. When your opponent activates a monster effect: You can send 1 other face-up "Altergeist" card you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Protocol" once per turn.')
('Codebreaker Virus Berserker', '2+ monsters, including a "Codebreaker" monster\nWhen this card is Special Summoned, if it is co-linked: You can Special Summon up to 2 "Codebreaker" monsters from your hand and/or GY to any zone(s) a Link Monster(s) points to. During your Main Phase: You can destroy Spells/Traps your opponent controls, up to the number of linked "Codebreaker" monsters on the field. You can only use each effect of "Codebreaker Virus Berserker" once per turn.')
('Level Tuning', 'Reduce the Level of all face-up monsters you control by 1, until the End Phase.')
('Oh F!sh!', "When an Effect Monster's effect activates: Shuffle 1 of your banished Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monsters into the Main Deck; negate the activation and destroy it.")
('Fox Token', 'This card can be used as a "Fox Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.\n}}')
('Banquet of Millions', 'Banish any number of cards from your Extra Deck face-down, and banish the same number of random face-down cards from your opponent\'s Extra Deck, face-up, until the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Banquet of Millions" per turn.')
('Battle of the Elements', 'Activate only while all monsters on the field are face-up. Both players send monsters they control to the Graveyard so that they each control only 1 Attribute.')
('Performapal Gongato', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can activate this effect; you take no battle damage from that battle (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; you take no battle damage from that battle.")
('HTS Psyhemuth', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nAfter damage calculation, when this card battles an opponent's monster: You can banish that monster, also banish this card.")
('Supreme Rage', 'If you control "Supreme King Z-ARC": Destroy as many monsters you control as possible, except "Supreme King Z-ARC", and if you do, Special Summon up to 4 "Supreme King Dragon" monsters with different names from your hand, Deck, Extra Deck, and/or GY, ignoring their Summoning conditions. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Supreme King Dragon" Xyz Monster you control; attach 2 "Supreme King Dragon" monsters to it as materials, from your GY and/or face-up from your Extra Deck.')
('Pale Beast', 'With skin tinged a bluish-white, this strange creature is a fearsome sight to behold.')
('Gaia Dragon, the Thunder Charger', '2 Level 7 monsters\r\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 5 or 6 Xyz Monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.')
('The Forceful Checkpoint', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Look at your opponent's hand, and if there is a Monster Card, negate the attack, then discard 1 monster from their hand (your choice).")
('Prominence Hand', 'If you control a "Magic Hand", "Fire Hand", or "Ice Hand", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Abyss Actor - Extras', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf your opponent controls a monster: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Extras" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Tribute this card; place 1 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Abyss Actor" monsters, nor activate the Pendulum Effect of "Abyss Actor - Extras". You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Extras" once per turn.')
('Cloudian - Nimbusman', 'This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. You can Tribute any number of WATER monsters for the Tribute Summon of this card. When this card is Tribute Summoned, place 1 Fog Counter on it for each WATER monster you Tributed. This card gains 500 ATK for each Fog Counter on the field.')
('Madolche Baaple', 'If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into your Deck. Once per turn: You can target 1 Attack Position "Madolche" monster you control and 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; if both monsters are still on the field, change them to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, the ones changed by this effect cannot have their battle positions changed until the end of your opponent\'s next turn.')
('Madolche Magileine', 'If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card and sent to your GY: Shuffle this card into the Deck. When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 "Madolche" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Wind-Up Zenmaister', '2 Level 4 monsters\r\nThis card gains 300 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to this card. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up monster you control; change that face-up monster to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, during the End Phase of this turn, change it to face-up Attack Position.')
('Quadborrel Dragon', '2 Dragon monsters, including a "Rokket" monster\r\nYou can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; you cannot Special Summon Link-2 or lower monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of the turn, also destroy the targeted monster, then, if it was a Link Monster, you can Special Summon any number of "Rokket" monsters with different names, from your hand or GY, up to its Link Rating. You can only use this effect of "Quadborrel Dragon" once per turn.')
('Sealing Ceremony of Mokuton', "Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 face-up EARTH monster to select up to 2 cards in the opponent's Graveyard, and remove them from play.")
('Snakeyashi', 'This monster is formed by several serpents that break off to individually attack nearby enemies.')
('Voltanis the Adjudicator', 'After 1 of your Counter Trap Cards has been activated and has resolved, you can Tribute all monsters you control to Special Summon this card. If this card is Special Summoned in this way, you can destroy cards your opponent controls up to the number of Fairy-Type monsters you Tributed.')
('Twilight Twin Dragons', 'If you control "Punishment Dragon": Target 1 "Judgment Dragon" in your GY; add it to your hand, then send the top 4 cards of your Deck to the GY. If this card is sent from the Deck to the GY by a "Lightsworn" monster\'s effect: You can target 1 "Punishment Dragon" in your GY; add it to your hand, then banish the top 4 cards of your Deck.')
('Fire Sorcerer', "FLIP: Randomly select 2 cards from your hand and remove them from play to inflict 800 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.")
('The Phantom Knights of Rusty Bardiche', '2+ DARK monsters\r\nDuring your Main Phase: You can send 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster from your Deck to the GY, then Set 1 "Phantom Knights" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone. If a DARK Xyz Monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to, while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Rusty Bardiche" once per turn. Cannot be used as Link Material.')
("Barkion's Bark", 'Activate only if you control a face-up "Naturia" monster. Your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards this turn.')
('Elemental HERO Neos', 'A new Elemental HERO has arrived from Neo-Space! When he initiates a Contact Fusion with a Neo-Spacian his unknown powers are unleashed.')
('Wall of Disruption', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: All Attack Position monsters your opponent controls lose 800 ATK for each monster they control.")
('Ghostrick Night', 'While a "Ghostrick" monster is on the field, your opponent cannot Flip Summon. When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card and sent to your Graveyard: Your opponent cannot declare attacks for the rest of this turn.')
('Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts', 'This monster moves so fast that it looks like an illusion to mortal eyes.\n\n\n(This card is always treated as a "Phantom Beast" card.)')
('Denglong, First of the Yang Zing', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Yang Zing" card from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can send 1 Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard; this card\'s Level becomes the sent monster\'s. If this face-up card leaves the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck. You can only Special Summon "Denglong, First of the Yang Zing(s)" once per turn.')
('Silent Sword Slash', 'Target 1 "Silent Swordsman" monster you control; that monster you control gains 1500 ATK and DEF, and if it does, until the end of this turn, it is unaffected by your opponent\'s card effects. This card\'s activation and effect cannot be negated. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Silent Swordsman" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Altergeist Fijialert', 'When an "Altergeist" Link Monster is Link Summoned to your field while this card is in your hand: You can target 1 other Link Monster on the field; Special Summon this card to your zone that target points to, also that target is also treated as an "Altergeist" monster this turn. You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Fijialert" once per turn.')
('Horn of Olifant', 'Activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Banish 1 Equip Spell you control or in your GY, then you can destroy 1 card on the field.\r\n● Destroy 1 "Roland" monster you control, then Special Summon in Defense Position up to 3 FIRE Warrior monsters from your Deck, whose total Levels equal 9, but their effects are negated, also, until the end of your next turn after this effect resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Warrior monsters.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Horn of Olifant" per turn.')
('Rasetsu', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can reveal 1 Spirit monster from your hand, except "Rasetsu", then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this effect.')
('Whirlwind of Gusto', 'If you control no monsters: Target 2 "Gusto" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle both targets into the Deck, then Special Summon 1 "Gusto" monster with 1000 or less DEF from your Deck.')
('Magnificent Machine Angel', 'Tribute 1 "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster from your hand or field, then target 1 LIGHT Fairy monster you control; it gains ATK/DEF equal to the Level the monster had when Tributed x 200, until the end of this turn. This turn, if it battles an opponent\'s monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, that opponent\'s monster\'s effects are negated during that Battle Phase only. You can only activate 1 "Magnificent Machine Angel" per turn.')
('Curse of Anubis', 'Change all Effect Monsters on the field to Defense Position. Until the end of this turn, the original DEF of those monsters becomes 0, also their battle positions cannot be changed.')
('Scrap-Iron Signal', 'When your opponent activates a monster effect, while you control a Synchro Monster that lists a Synchro Monster as material: Negate the activation, also, after that, Set this card face-down instead of sending it to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Scrap-Iron Signal" per turn.')
('Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons', "1 DARK Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nCannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If you take damage from an attack involving this card, or from an opponent's card effect: This card gains ATK equal to the damage you took.")
('Thousand-Eyes Jellyfish', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 1 "Ocean\'s Keeper". Your opponent must play with their hand revealed.')
('Naturia Strawberry', 'Once per turn, when your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s): Target 1 of those monsters; this card gains 100 ATK x the Level of that monster, until the End Phase.')
('Junk Servant', 'If you control a "Junk" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Corruption Cell "A"', "Place 1 A-Counter on 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field.")
('Number 7: Lucky Straight', "3 Level 7 monsters\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; roll a six-sided die twice and this card's ATK becomes the larger number rolled x 700 until your opponent's next End Phase, then if the total roll was exactly 7, apply 1 of these effects.\n● Send all other cards on the field to the Graveyard.\n● Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or from either Graveyard.\n● Draw 3 cards, then discard 2 cards.")
('Altergeist Kunquery', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack, if you control an "Altergeist" card: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, negate that attack. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; negate the effects of that card while it and this monster are face-up on the field.')
('Borrelend Dragon', '3+ Effect Monsters\r\nCannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also neither player can target this card with monster effects. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Effect Monster on the field and 1 "Rokket" monster in your GY; negate the effects of that monster on the field, and if you do, Special Summon that monster from your GY. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect\'s activation. You can only use this effect of "Borrelend Dragon" once per turn.')
('Sakuretsu Armor', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; destroy that target.")
('Needle Wall', "Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Roll a six-sided die. Treat your opponent's Main Monster Zones as numbers 1-5, counting from your right, and destroy the monster that is in the same Main Monster Zone as the result. If the result is 6, roll again.")
('Card Blocker', 'When this card is Summoned: Change it to Defense Position. When a face-up monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can change the target to this card. When this card is targeted for an attack: You can choose a number from 1 to 3, then send that many cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard; this card gains 500 DEF for each card sent, until the End Phase.')
('Machine Conversion Factory', 'Equip only to a Machine monster. It gains 300 ATK/DEF.')
('Guardragon Promineses', 'You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 Dragon monster you control; it gains 500 ATK/DEF until the end of your opponent\'s turn. If a Normal Monster(s) is sent to your GY, while this card is in the GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Guardragon Promineses" once per turn.')
('Vampire Red Baron', 'Once per turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 monster your opponent controls and 1 other "Vampire" monster you control; switch control of those monsters. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed any monster(s) by battle: You can Special Summon them from the GYs to your field.')
("Battlin' Boxer Switchitter", 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Battlin\' Boxer" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except "Battlin\' Boxer" monsters.')
('Machina Defense Perimeter', 'While you control a Level 7 or higher Machine monster, your opponent\'s monsters cannot target Level 6 or lower Machine monsters you control for attacks, also your opponent cannot target them with card effects. If a face-up Machine monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 Machine monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Machina Defense Perimeter" once per turn.')
('Hazy Flame Cerbereus', 'You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 1000. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Hazy" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Windwitch - Ice Bell', 'If you control no monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 "Windwitch" monster from your Deck, but it cannot be Tributed. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except Level 5 or higher WIND monsters. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can only use each effect of "Windwitch - Ice Bell" once per turn.')
('Xyz Effect', 'When you Xyz Summon a monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.')
('Firestorm Prominence', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-FIRE monsters.')
('Black-Winged Strafe', 'Send 1 "Blackwing" monster from your hand to the Graveyard to select 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls. Send that monster to the Graveyard.')
("Gravekeeper's Commandant", 'You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Necrovalley" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Beelzeus of the Diabolic Dragons', "1 DARK Tuner + 2+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nCannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Other monsters you control cannot attack. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; any battle damage your opponent takes from attacks involving this card this turn is halved, also, change that monster's ATK to 0, and if you do, gain LP equal to its original ATK.")
('Mirror Judge of the Ice Barrier', 'While you control another "Ice Barrier" monster, each time your opponent activates a card or effect by paying LP, they lose 500 LP immediately after it resolves. You can only use each of the following effects of "Mirror Judge of the Ice Barrier" once per turn. You can target up to 2 "Ice Barrier" monsters in your GY and up to 2 cards in your opponent\'s GY; shuffle them into the Deck. If you control an "Ice Barrier" monster: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Attack Position monster on the field; change it to Defense Position.')
('Radian Token', 'Special Summoned by the effect of "Radian, the Multidimensional Kaiju". Cannot be used as a Synchro Material monster.')
('O - Oversoul', 'Target 1 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.')
('Bujingi Raven', 'When a "Bujin" monster you control is destroyed by battle with an opponent\'s monster and sent to your Graveyard: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; destroy that opponent\'s monster.')
('Dinowrestler Martial Ampelo', 'During damage calculation, if your other "Dinowrestler" monster battles an opponent\'s monster with an equal or higher ATK (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY; for that battle, your monster cannot be destroyed and the battle damage you take is halved. When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Dinowrestler" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Dinowrestler Martial Ampelo". You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Martial Ampelo" once per turn.')
('Black Illusion', "Until the end of this turn, all DARK Spellcaster-Type monsters with 2000 or more ATK you currently control cannot be destroyed by battle, their effects are negated, also they are unaffected by your opponent's card effects.")
('Tristan, Knight of the Underworld', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Zombie monster with 0 DEF in your GY; add it to your hand. Gains 300 ATK if you control another Zombie monster(s).')
('Meteonis Drytron', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any Ritual Monster from your hand or GY. You must also Tribute Machine monsters from your hand or field whose total ATK equal or exceed the ATK of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 "Drytron" monster you control; it loses exactly 1000 ATK until the end of your opponent\'s turn, and if it does, add this card to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Meteonis Drytron" once per turn.')
('Fenrir the Nordic Wolf', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. During your Main Phase 2, if an "Aesir" monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent\'s side of the field in Defense Position. If an "Aesir" monster is not on the field, destroy this card. At the start of your Battle Phase: Change all Defense Position monsters you control to face-up Attack Position. Both players take any battle damage involving this card.')
('Torpedo Takedown', 'Target 1 WATER Xyz Monster you control; detach 1 material from it, inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each card in your hand, and if you do, that monster gains ATK equal to the damage inflicted, until the end of this turn. You can banish this card and 1 WATER Xyz Monster from your GY; draw 2 cards. You can only use 1 "Torpedo Takedown" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Dual Avatar Fists - Armored Ah-Gyo', '2 "Dual Avatar" monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls; destroy it, also this card cannot attack directly for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Dual Avatar Fists - Armored Ah-Gyo" once per turn. While you control a "Dual Avatar" Fusion Monster that was Fusion Summoned using an Effect Monster as material, all "Dual Avatar" Fusion Monsters you control gain 300 ATK/DEF.')
('Constellar Hyades', '2 Level 3 LIGHT monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change all monsters your opponent controls to face-up Defense Position.')
('Wheel of Prophecy', 'When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a Spellcaster-Type monster: You can target any number of your banished "Spellbook" Spell Cards; shuffle them into the Deck, and if you do, return your other banished "Spellbook" Spell Cards to your Graveyard. You can only use the effect of "Wheel of Prophecy" once per turn.')
('Performapal Laugh Maker', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if your opponent controls a monster whose current ATK is higher than its original ATK: You can gain 1000 LP.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card declares an attack: You can make this card gain 1000 ATK for each monster on the field whose current ATK is higher than its original ATK, except other monsters you control, until the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect while its current ATK is higher than its original ATK: You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use 1 "Performapal Laugh Maker" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Meteor Dragon Red-Eyes Impact', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● Other "Red-Eyes" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.')
('Elementsaber Molehu', 'Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can send 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position. Once per turn, if this card is in the GY: You can declare 1 Attribute; this card in the GY becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn.')
('Raidraptor - Heel Eagle', 'If all monsters you control are "Raidraptor" monsters (min. 1): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Raidraptor" Spell/Trap in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Raidraptor - Heel Eagle" once per turn.')
('Majester Paladin, the Ascending Dracoslayer', '2 Level 4 Pendulum Monsters\nWhen this card is Xyz Summoned: You can add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand during the End Phase of this turn. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 face-up "Dracoslayer" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, but it cannot be used as an Xyz Material for a Summon.')
('Geargiauger', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Level 4 EARTH Machine-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Geargiauger", also you cannot declare attacks, nor Special Summon monsters except Machine-Type monsters, for the rest of this turn.')
('Action Magic - Double Banking', "Discard 1 card; this turn, if a monster you currently control destroys an opponent's monster by battle, it can make a second attack in a row. During your Main Phase, if this card is in your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can discard 1 Spell; Set this card.")
('Unchained Twins - Sarama', 'You can target 1 "Unchained" card in your GY, except "Unchained Twins - Sarama"; Set it to your field, then destroy 1 card you control. If this card on the field is destroyed by card effect, except "Unchained Twins - Sarama", or by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Unchained Twins - Sarama". You can only use each effect of "Unchained Twins - Sarama" once per turn.')
("Dragon's Mirror", 'Fusion Summon 1 Dragon Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your field or GY.')
('The Six Samurai - Yaichi', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card; destroy that target. You must control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name to activate and to resolve this effect. This card cannot declare an attack during the turn this effect is activated. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.')
('Nutrient Z', 'During damage calculation, when you are about to take 2000 or more battle damage: Gain 4000 LP first.')
('Crystal Master', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYour opponent cannot target "Ultimate Crystal" monsters or "Crystal Beast" cards you control with card effects.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Tribute this card; add 1 "Ultimate Crystal" monster, "Crystal Beast" monster, or "Crystal" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.')
('Vampire Domination', 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control a "Vampire" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then, if it was a Monster Card, gain LP equal to its original ATK. You can only activate 1 "Vampire Domination" per turn.')
('Crystal Seer', 'FLIP: Excavate the top 2 cards of your Deck, then add 1 of them to your hand, then place the other on the bottom of your Deck.')
('Bujingi Crane', 'During damage calculation (in either player\'s turn), if a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; the ATK of your monster becomes double its original ATK, during that damage calculation only.')
('Master Hyperion', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 "The Agent" monster from your hand, field, or Graveyard. Once per turn: You can banish 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target. While "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field, you can activate this effect up to twice per turn.')
('Cynet Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 Cyberse Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If you control no monsters in the Extra Monster Zone, you can also banish up to 1 Cyberse Link Monster from your GY as Fusion Material.')
('Matriarch of Nephthys', 'You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Nephthys" monster in your GY, except "Matriarch of Nephthys"; destroy 1 card in your hand, and if you do, Special Summon the targeted monster in Defense Position, but negate its effects. During your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card from the GY. You can only use each effect of "Matriarch of Nephthys" once per turn.')
('Big Belly Knight', "If this card is detached from an Xyz Monster and sent to the Graveyard to activate that monster's effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower monster from your hand.")
('Hiyari @Ignister', 'If you control an "@Ignister" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can Tribute 1 other Cyberse monster; add 1 Level 5 or higher "@Ignister" monster from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, this card becomes Level 4 until the end of this turn. Then, if you Tributed a Link Monster to activate this effect, you can add 1 "A.I.\'s Ritual" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Hiyari @Ignister" once per turn.')
('Karakuri Ninja mdl 339 "Sazank"', 'This card must attack if able. When this face-up Attack Position card is selected as an attack target, change it to Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up, select 1 face-up monster on the field, and send it to the Graveyard. During the turn this card is flipped face-up, it can attack your opponent directly.')
('Dissolverock', 'A monster born in the lava pits, it generates intense heat that can melt away its enemies.')
('Supreme King Dragon Dark Rebellion', '2 Level 4 DARK Pendulum Monsters\r\nOnce per turn, before damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent\'s monster: You can detach 1 material from this card; until the end of this turn, change the ATK of that face-up opponent\'s monster to 0, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to the original ATK of that opponent\'s monster. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can return this card to the Extra Deck; Special Summon up to 2 face-up "Supreme King Dragon" and/or "Supreme King Gate" Pendulum Monsters from your Extra Deck in Defense Position.')
('A.I.dle Reborn', 'Target 1 "@Ignister" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, except Cyberse monsters. When an attack is declared involving 2 monsters: You can banish this card from your GY and 1 card from your hand, then target 1 of your "A.I." Spells/Traps that is banished or in your GY, except "A.I.dle Reborn"; add that card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "A.I.dle Reborn" once per turn.')
('Nebula Dragon', 'You can reveal this card and 1 other Level 8 Dragon monster in your hand; Special Summon both in Defense Position, but negate their effects, also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except LIGHT or DARK Dragon monsters. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Level 4 LIGHT or DARK Dragon monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Nebula Dragon" once per turn.')
('Morpho Butterspy', "Once per turn, when the battle position of an opponent's monster(s) is changed (except during the Damage Step): You can target one of those monsters; it loses 1000 ATK and DEF.")
('Wall of Revealing Light', 'Activate by paying any multiple of 1000 Life Points. Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack if their ATK is less than or equal to the amount you paid.')
('The Forceful Sentry', "Look at your opponent's hand. Select 1 card among them and return it to his/her Deck. The Deck is then shuffled.")
('Fusion of Fire', '(This card is always treated as a "Salamangreat" card.)\r\nFusion Summon 1 "Salamangreat" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand and/or either field as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Fusion of Fire" per turn.')
('Geomancer of the Ice Barrier', 'Discard 1 card and declare 1 Attribute. This card cannot be selected as an attack target by monsters with that Attribute. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Arcana Force XIV - Temperance', "During damage calculation, in either player's turn: You can discard this card; you take no Battle Damage from that battle. When this card is Summoned: Toss a coin and apply this effect. The effect lasts while this card is face-up on the field.\n● Heads: Halve all Battle Damage you take.\n● Tails: Halve all Battle Damage your opponent takes.")
('Dragunity Knight - Barcha', '1 Dragon-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Winged Beast-Type monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned, you can select any number of Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monsters in your Graveyard, and equip them to this card. This card gains 300 ATK for each "Dragunity" card equipped to this card.')
('Serial Spell', 'Activate only when you activate one of your Normal Spell Cards. Discard all the cards in your hand to the Graveyard. The effect of this card becomes the same as the Normal Spell Card.')
('T.G. Power Gladiator', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "T.G." monsters\nIf this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card on the field is destroyed: Draw 1 card.')
('Vengeful Shinobi', 'When this face-up Attack Position card is targeted for an attack: Draw 1 card.')
('Starliege Paladynamo', "2 Level 4 LIGHT monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0, and if you do, it has its effects negated. If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Draw 1 card.")
('Archfiend Interceptor', "While you control this face-up Attack Position card, when an opponent's monster declares an attack, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.")
('Sealing Ceremony of Raiton', "Once per turn: You can return 1 face-up WIND monster you control to the bottom of the Main Deck to target up to 2 cards in your opponent's Graveyard; banish those targets.")
('Sergeant Electro', "Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone; while this card is face-up on the field, its target(s) cannot be activated.")
('Invader of the Throne', "FLIP: Select 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field and switch control of it with this card. This effect cannot be activated during the Battle Phase.")
('People Running About', 'Although they always suffer in silence, they swear an oath to inevitably revolt.')
('Mesmeric Control', "During your opponent's next turn after you activate this card, your opponent cannot change the battle positions of monsters, except with a card effect.")
('Satellarknight Skybridge', 'Target 1 "tellarknight" monster you control; Special Summon 1 "tellarknight" monster with a different name from your Deck, and if you do, shuffle the targeted monster into the Deck. While the monster Special Summoned by this effect is face-up on the field, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "tellarknight" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Satellarknight Skybridge" per turn.')
('Madolche Queen Tiaramisu', '2 Level 4 "Madolche" monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target up to 2 "Madolche" cards in your Graveyard; shuffle those cards into the Deck, also, after that, shuffle cards your opponent controls into the Deck, up to the number of "Madolche" cards returned.')
('Dragunity Guisarme', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower WIND Dragon or Winged Beast monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but negate its effects. If this card is currently equipped to a monster: You can Special Summon this equipped card. You can only use each effect of "Dragunity Guisarme" once per turn.')
('Parametalfoes Mercaster', 'If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 face-up "Metalfoes" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand, except "Parametalfoes Mercaster", but you cannot activate cards with that name in your Pendulum Zone for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Parametalfoes Mercaster" once per turn.')
('Element Saurus', 'Gains the following effect(s) while there is a monster(s) with the following Attribute(s) on the field.\r\n● FIRE: This card gains 500 ATK.\r\n● EARTH: Negate the effects of Effect Monsters destroyed by battle with this card.')
('Fire King Avatar Barong', 'If a face-up "Fire King" monster you control is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During the next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 "Fire King" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Fire King Avatar Barong".')
('Spikebot', 'A mechanical soldier created by a wicked sorcerer, it attacks with the two steel balls attached to its arms.')
('Traffic Ghost', '3 monsters')
('Panther Shark', 'If your opponent controls 2 or more monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If you control "Eagle Shark", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only control 1 "Panther Shark".')
('Gaia Saber, the Lightning Shadow', '2+ monsters')
('Magical Hound', 'If this card is in your hand or GY: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap your opponent controls; return it to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Magical Hound" once per Duel.')
("Fairy's Hand Mirror", 'When your opponent activates a Spell Card that targets exactly 1 monster (and no other cards) on the field: Target another card that would be an appropriate target; that Spell now targets the new target.')
('Counter Gem', 'Send all cards in your Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard. Place as many "Crystal Beast" monsters as possible from your Graveyard in your Spell & Trap Card Zone, face-up, as Continuous Spell Cards. During the End Phase, destroy all face-up "Crystal Beast" cards you control.')
('Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Ram', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control; Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap with a different name directly from your Deck. If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Fire Fist" monster: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck, with a different name from the cards in your GY. You can only use each effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Ram" once per turn.')
('Beast Soul Swap', 'Target 1 Beast-Type monster you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Beast-Type monster from your hand with the same Level as the monster that was returned to the hand.')
('Princess Pikeru', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Trial of the Princesses". During your Standby Phase, gain 800 Life Points for each monster you control.')
('Red-Eyes Burn', 'If a face-up "Red-Eyes" monster(s) you control, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick", is destroyed by battle or card effect: Target 1 of those monsters; both players take damage equal to its original ATK. You can only activate 1 "Red-Eyes Burn" per turn.')
('Call of the Earthbound', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You choose the target of the attack.")
('Nekroz of Catastor', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned without using "Nekroz of Catastor", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can discard this card, then target 1 "Nekroz" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Nekroz of Catastor" once per turn. At the start of the Damage Step, if a "Nekroz" monster you control battles an opponent\'s face-up monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: Destroy that monster.')
('Cybernetic Hidden Technology', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can send to the Graveyard 1 "Cyber Dragon" you control, or 1 Fusion Monster you control that lists "Cyber Dragon" as a Fusion Material Monster, then target the attacking monster; destroy that target.')
('Crystron Thystvern', 'You can target 1 face-up card you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Machine-Type Synchro Monsters, also, destroy that card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Crystron" Tuner from your Deck. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Crystron" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Crystron Thystvern". You can only use 1 "Crystron Thystvern" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Ominous Fortunetelling', "During your Standby Phase, select 1 random card from your opponent's hand. Call the type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap). If you call it right, inflict 700 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points. You can use this effect only once per turn.")
('Bending Destiny', 'Activate only if all face-up monsters you control are "Fortune Lady" monsters. Negate the activation of a Spell or Trap Card, or the Normal Summon of a monster, and remove that card from play. The card removed from play by this effect is returned to its owner\'s hand during the End Phase.')
('Rose Lover', 'You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 Plant monster from your hand, and if you do, it is unaffected by your opponent\'s Trap effects this turn. You can only use this effect of "Rose Lover" once per turn.')
('Gladiator Proving Ground', 'Add 1 Level 4 or lower "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Two-for-One Team', 'Once per turn: You can make both players show 1 card from their hands, and if both the shown cards are the same type of card, apply 1 of these effects, depending on the type.\n● Monster: Each player can Special Summon their monster.\n● Spell: Each player draws 2 cards.\n● Trap: Each player sends exactly 2 cards from their Deck to their GY.')
('Number 70: Malevolent Sin', "2 Level 4 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it until your opponent's next Standby Phase. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: You can make this card gain 300 ATK, and if you do, increase its Rank by 3.")
('Tri-Edge Levia', "3 Level 3 monsters\nBanish any monster destroyed by battle with this card. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 800 ATK, also its effects are negated. These changes last until the end of this turn.")
('Neo-Spacian Marine Dolphin', 'This card\'s name is also treated as "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin". This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "NEX". Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to look at your opponent\'s hand and select 1 Monster Card in it. If you control a monster with ATK greater than or equal to the selected monster\'s, destroy the selected monster and inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Cockathorium, the Superheavy Shining Soarer', 'If this card is in your hand or GY: You can Tribute 1 Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can banish 1 Level 4 or lower Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster from your Deck; until the End Phase, this card\'s name, Type, Attribute, and Level become the same as that banished monster\'s. You can only use each effect of "Cockathorium, the Superheavy Shining Soarer" once per turn.')
('Dark Tinker', 'When this card you control is sent to the Graveyard, look at the top card of your Deck. Return that card to either the top or the bottom of the Deck.')
('Abyss Script - Rise of the Abyss King', 'Target face-up cards on the field, up to the number of Attack Position "Abyss Actor" monsters with different names you control; destroy them. If you control a Level 7 or higher "Abyss Actor" monster, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this card\'s activation. If this Set card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can add up to 2 "Abyss Actor" cards and/or "Abyss Script" Spells with different names from your Deck to your hand.')
('First-Aid Squad', 'Target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. When a Normal Monster is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in Defense Position as a Normal Monster (Warrior-Type/EARTH/Level 3/ATK 1200/DEF 400). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) You can only use this effect of "First-Aid Squad" once per turn. If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field.')
('Infernoid Patrulea', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Infernoid" monster from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent\'s Graveyard; banish it (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Synthetic Seraphim Token', 'This card can be used as a "Synthetic Seraphim Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Mermail Abysslung', 'Your opponent cannot target face-up WATER monsters for attacks, except this one. All WATER monsters you control gain 300 ATK.')
('Kumootoko', 'A massive, intelligent spider that traps enemies with webbing.')
("Magician's Act", 'Activate 1 of the following Skills at the start of the Duel.\r\n● Add 1 "Dark Magician" from your Deck to your hand, then shuffle 1 card from your hand into the Deck.\r\n● Shuffle 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand into the Deck, then draw 1 card.\r\nDuring your Main Phase, you can Tribute 1 monster whose original name is "Dark Magician" to draw 2 cards.\r\nEach of these Skills can only be used once per Duel.')
('The King of D.', 'This card\'s name becomes "Lord of D." while on the field. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can discard 1 Spell/Trap; add 1 "The Flute of Summoning Dragon", "The Melody of Awakening Dragon", or "Dragon Revival Rhapsody" from your Deck to your hand.')
('King of Destruction - Xexex', "This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card must be Tribute Summoned by Tributing 3 Fiend-Type monsters on your side of the field. If this card attacks your opponent's Life Points directly and makes them 0, the controller of this card wins the Match. ")
('Dark Effigy', 'If you Tribute Summon a DARK Normal Monster, you can treat this 1 monster as 2 Tributes.')
('Teardrop the Rikka Queen', '2 Level 8 monsters\nYou can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 monster on the field; Tribute it. This is a Quick Effect if this card has a Plant monster as material. You can only use this effect of "Teardrop the Rikka Queen" once per turn. Each time a monster(s) is Tributed: This card gains 200 ATK for each, until the end of this turn.')
('Magical Exemplar', 'Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 2 Spell Counters on this card when that Spell resolves. Once per turn: You can remove any number of Spell Counters from this card; Special Summon 1 Spellcaster monster from your hand or GY whose Level is equal to the number of Spell Counters you removed.')
('Lector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nNegate the effects of face-up Pendulum Monsters while your opponent controls them.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nAt the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Pendulum Monster: Destroy both that monster and this card.')
('Machina Citadel', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Machine monster you control; destroy that Machine monster and all monsters your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to it. If a face-up EARTH Machine monster(s) you control, except "Machina Citadel", is destroyed by battle or card effect while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Machina Citadel" once per turn.')
('Chaos Infinity', 'Change as many Defense Position monsters on the field as possible to face-up Attack Position, then Special Summon 1 "Meklord" monster from your Deck or Graveyard, but its effects are negated, also it is destroyed during the End Phase.')
("Gottoms' Second Call", 'If you control an "X-Saber" Synchro Monster: You can target 2 "X-Saber" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon both targets, ignoring their Summoning conditions, but change their ATK to 0, also destroy them during the End Phase of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Gottoms\' Second Call" per turn. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Wailing of the Unchained Souls', 'If you Link Summon an "Unchained" Link Monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this Set card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Wailing of the Unchained Souls" once per turn.')
('Stronghold Guardian', 'If a Defense Position monster you control is attacked, you can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard during the Damage Step to have your attacked monster gain 1500 DEF until the End Phase.')
('Infernity Conjurer', 'While you have no cards in your hand, monsters your opponent controls lose 800 ATK. While you have no cards in your hand and this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Infernity Conjurer" once per turn.')
('Metaphys Nephthys', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Metaphys" monster: You can banish all Set Spells and Traps on the field. If this card is banished, during the Standby Phase of the next turn: You can shuffle this banished card into the Deck; add 1 "Metaphys" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Metaphys Nephthys".')
('Sogen', 'All Warrior and Beast-Warrior monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF.')
('Odd-Eyes Saber Dragon', 'If this card is in your hand: You can Tribute 1 LIGHT monster; send 1 "Odd-Eyes Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or your side of the field to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon this card. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.')
('Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 face-up Dragon monster you control. You can only Special Summon "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon" once per turn this way. During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Dragon monster from your hand or GY, except "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon". You can only use this effect of "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon" once per turn.')
('Wonder Garage', 'When this face-down card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Machine-Type "roid" monster from your hand.')
('Brohunder', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Brohunder".')
('Paleozoic Eldonia', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 500 ATK/DEF until the end of this turn. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Amazoness Chain Master', "When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can pay 1500 LP; look at your opponent's hand, then add 1 monster from their hand to your hand.")
('Malefic Paradigm Dragon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Malefic" monster from your Extra Deck while "Malefic Paradigm Dragon" is not on the field. If "Malefic World" is not on the field, destroy this card. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Malefic" card from your Deck to the GY; you can only attack with "Malefic" monsters for the rest of this turn, also return 1 of your banished Level 8 Synchro Monsters to the Extra Deck, then you can Special Summon that monster from your Extra Deck.')
('Vision HERO Multiply Guy', 'If you take battle or effect damage while this card is in your GY: You can place this card from your GY in your Spell & Trap Zone as a face-up Continuous Trap. During the Main Phase, if this card is treated as a Continuous Trap: You can Tribute 1 "HERO" monster; Special Summon this card. If this card is Special Summoned from the Spell & Trap Zone: You can make 1 face-up monster on the field gain 800 ATK. You can only use each effect of "Vision HERO Multiply Guy" once per turn.')
('Photon Generator Unit', 'Tribute 2 "Cyber Dragons". Special Summon 1 "Cyber Laser Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.')
('Battlewasp - Sting the Poison', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Battlewasp" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Battlewasp - Sting the Poison". (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 other Insect monster, then target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Battlewasp - Sting the Poison" once per turn.')
('Number 23: Lancelot, Dark Knight of the Underworld', "2 Level 8 monsters\nThis card can attack your opponent directly while it has Xyz Material. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy it. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or another monster's effect, is activated: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation.")
('CXyz Barian Hope', '3 or more Level 7 monsters\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using 1 monster you control with "Number C101" through "Number C107" in its name as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains 1000 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. You can target 1 "Number" monster in your Graveyard; until your opponent\'s next End Phase, this card\'s name becomes that monster\'s, and replace this effect with that monster\'s original effects. You can only use this effect of "CXyz Barian Hope" once per turn.')
('Radian, the Multidimensional Kaiju', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent\'s side of the field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. Once per turn: You can remove 2 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; Special Summon 1 "Radian Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 7/ATK 2800/DEF 0), but it cannot be used as a Synchro Material.')
('Pollinosis', 'When a monster(s) would be Normal or Special Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Tribute 1 Plant monster; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Giant Rex', 'Cannot attack directly. If this card is banished: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK for each of your banished Dinosaur monsters. You can only use this effect of "Giant Rex" once per turn.')
('Guardragon Cataclysm', 'Tribute 1 Dragon monster, then target 2 cards on the field; destroy them. You can only activate 1 "Guardragon Cataclysm" per turn.')
('Adamancipator Risen - Raptite', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nDuring your Main Phase: You can excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, and if you do, you can Special Summon 1 excavated Rock monster in Defense Position, also place the rest on the bottom of your Deck in any order. During your opponent\'s turn, if a WIND monster is in your GY (Quick Effect): You can target 1 card in your opponent\'s GY; banish it. You can only use each effect of "Adamancipator Risen - Raptite" once per turn.')
('Phantom Ghost', 'A vengeful spirit made up of many restless souls.')
('Igknight Lancer', 'While this card is in your hand: You can target 3 "Igknight" cards you control; destroy them, and if you do, Special Summon this card. Once per turn: You can target 1 other "Igknight" monster you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, place 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls on the bottom of the Deck.')
('Metallizing Parasite - Lunatite', "Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this monster on the field, you can equip it to a face-up monster on your side of the field as an Equip Spell Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card's effect, that monster will be unaffected by the effects of Spell Cards controlled by your opponent. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the monster that this card is equipped to is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)")
('Performapal Stamp Turtle', 'Once per turn: You can target up to 2 face-up monsters on the field; increase their Levels by 1.')
('Cipher Soldier', 'If this card battles a Warrior-Type monster, during damage calculation: This card gains 2000 ATK and DEF during that damage calculation only.')
('Armed Dragon Thunder LV10', 'If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of an "Armed Dragon" monster, it gains effects based on its own ATK.\r\n● 1+: This card\'s name becomes "Armed Dragon LV10".\r\n● 10+: Possession of this card cannot switch.\r\n● 100+: Cannot be destroyed by battle.\r\n● 1000+: Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can send 1 card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 other card on the field; destroy it, and if you do, this card gains 1000 ATK.\r\n● 10000+: Once per turn: You can destroy all other cards on the field.')
('Scrap Wyvern', '2 monsters, including a "Scrap" monster\r\nYou can target 1 "Scrap" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then destroy 1 card you control. If another face-up "Scrap" monster is destroyed by card effect, while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Scrap" monster from your Deck, then destroy 1 card on the field. You can only use each effect of "Scrap Wyvern" once per turn.')
('Mystic Swordsman LV2', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster. During the End Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle this turn: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Mystic Swordsman LV4" from your hand or Deck.')
('Bujingi Pavo', 'When a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Bujin" monster from your Deck. You can only use the effect of "Bujingi Pavo" once per turn.')
('Gorgonic Cerberus', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can make all Rock-Type monsters you control become Level 3.')
('Chevalier de Fleur', '"Fleur Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce during each of your turns, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, you can negate the activation and destroy that card.')
('Superheavy Samurai General Jade', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Superheavy Samurai" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; increase its Level by 1 (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can change its battle position. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation.')
('Fire Formation - Ingen', 'When this card is activated: You can Fusion Summon 1 Beast-Warrior Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If this face-up card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY: You can target 1 "Fire Fist" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Fire Formation - Ingen" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Fire Formation - Ingen" per turn.')
('Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame', 'When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Blackwing" monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, but its effects are negated.')
('Celestial Wolf Lord, Blue Sirius', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 2400 ATK.')
('Crusadia Draco', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon "Crusadia Draco" once per turn this way. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to: You can target 1 "Crusadia" card in your GY, except "Crusadia Draco"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Crusadia Draco" once per turn.')
('Gravelstorm', 'Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on each side of the field; return them to the hand.')
('Michion, the Timelord', "Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Halve your opponent's LP. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.")
('Time Machine', 'When a monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Special Summon that monster to the same field it was on, in the same battle position it was in when destroyed.')
('Born from Draconis', "Banish all LIGHT Machine monsters from your GY and face-up from your field; Special Summon 1 Level 6 or higher LIGHT Machine monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions, and if you do, its ATK/DEF become equal to the number of monsters banished to activate this card x 500, also it is unaffected by card effects, except its own and this card's. You cannot Special Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card.")
('Ritual of Destruction', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Garlandolf, King of Destruction". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 7 or more from the field or your hand. During your Main Phase, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard. If you do, during this turn, any monster destroyed by battle with a Ritual Monster you control will be returned to the top of the Deck instead of being sent to the Graveyard.')
('Red Archery Girl', 'A mermaid archer that hides in a protective shell, waiting for the right moment to strike.')
('Doom Shaman', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Fiend-Type monster from your hand or from either Graveyard. When this card leaves the field, destroy all Fiend-Type monsters Special Summoned by this effect.')
('Graceful Dice', 'Roll a six-sided die. All monsters you currently control gain ATK/DEF equal to the result x 100, until the end of this turn.')
('Mask of Brutality', 'The equipped monster gains 1000 ATK and loses 1000 DEF. During each of your Standby Phases, pay 1000 LP or destroy this card.')
('Unchained Twins - Rakea', '(Quick Effect): You can target 1 card you control; destroy it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fiend monsters. If this card on the field is destroyed by card effect, except "Unchained Twins - Rakea", or by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Unchained Twins - Rakea". You can only use each effect of "Unchained Twins - Rakea" once per turn.')
('Cyber Summon Blaster', 'Each time a Machine monster(s) is Special Summoned, while this card is already face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.')
('Supay, Duskwalker', 'You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position, then you can Special Summon 1 "Supay" from your hand or Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except Synchro Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Supay, Duskwalker" once per turn.')
('Macro Cosmos', 'When this card resolves: You can Special Summon 1 "Helios - The Primordial Sun" from your hand or Deck. While this card is face-up on the field, any card sent to the Graveyard is banished instead.')
('Puralis, the Purple Pyrotile', '1 Tuner + 1 non-Tuner monster\nWhen this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: All monsters your opponent currently controls lose 500 ATK.')
('Wightprincess', 'This card\'s name becomes "Skull Servant" while it is in the Graveyard. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Wightprince" from your Deck to the Graveyard. During either player\'s turn: You can send this card from your hand or field to the Graveyard; all monsters currently on the field lose ATK and DEF equal to their own Level/Rank x 300, until the end of this turn.')
('Valkyrie Erda', 'You can only control 1 "Valkyrie Erda". While you control this card, Special Summoned by the effect of a "Valkyrie" card, all face-up monsters your opponent controls lose 1000 ATK. Any card destroyed by battle or card effect that would be sent to your opponent\'s GY is banished instead.')
('Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind', 'When you take 2000 or more Battle Damage from your opponent\'s monster\'s direct attack while this card is in the Graveyard, you can select 1 Level 3 or lower "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster and this card from the Graveyard. Their effects are negated. Each player can only use the effect of "Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind" once per Duel.')
('Legendary Maju Garzett', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing all monsters you control. This card's ATK becomes the combined original ATK of the Tributed monsters. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.")
('Red Duston', 'Cannot be used as a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon. While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed. When this card on the field is destroyed: The controller takes 500 damage. You can only control 1 face-up "Red Duston".')
('Soul Tiger', "The soul of a tiger that is said to devour human souls. He is a famous soul that you wouldn't want to run into in a dark alley.")
('Thunder End Dragon', '2 Level 8 Normal Monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy all other monsters on the field.')
('Mirage Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Physical Double". Destroy this Token at the end of the turn.')
('Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position.')
('Magical Ghost', 'This creature casts a spell of terror and confusion just before attacking its enemies.')
('Testudo erat Numen', 'Neither player can Special Summon monsters with 1800 or more ATK.')
('Gemini Soldier', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect:\n● Once per turn, if this card would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed. If this card battles, after damage calculation, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Gemini monster from your Deck, except "Gemini Soldier".')
('Contract Laundering', 'Destroy as many "Dark Contract" cards in your Spell & Trap Zone as possible, and if you do, draw the same number of cards you destroyed, then gain 1000 LP for each card you drew with this effect.')
('Ryu Kokki', 'At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled a Warrior or Spellcaster-Type monster: Destroy that monster.')
('Redeemable Jar', 'You can banish 1 Trap from your GY; add from your GY to your hand, 1 Trap with a different original name from that banished card. You can only use this effect of "Redeemable Jar" once per turn.')
('Morinphen', 'A strange fiend with long arms and razor-sharp talons.')
('Graydle Combat', 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, that targets exactly 1 "Graydle" monster you control (and no other cards) is activated: Activate 1 of these effects;\n● The activated effect becomes "Destroy that monster".\n● Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Baby Raccoon Ponpoko', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 Beast-Type monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Baby Raccoon Ponpoko". You cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except Beast-Type monsters.')
('Radiant Seiyaryu', "If this card is Normal or Special Summoned from the hand: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. Cannot be destroyed by battle with a DARK monster, also cannot be destroyed by a DARK monster's effect. Once per turn, at the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks an opponent's monster: You can banish that opponent's monster until the End Phase, also this card can make a second attack in a row.")
('Rikka Glamour', 'When you activate this card, you can also Tribute 1 Plant monster; add 1 "Rikka" monster from your Deck to your hand, then, if you Tributed a monster when you activated this card, add 1 Plant monster, with the same original Level as that "Rikka" monster but a different name, from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Rikka Glamour" per turn.')
('Abominable Chamber of the Unchained', 'Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your hand or GY. If this Set card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Abominable Chamber of the Unchained" once per turn.')
('D/D/D Stone King Darius', '2 Level 3 Fiend-Type monsters\r\nOnce per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Dark Contract" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card battles an opponent\'s monster, during damage calculation: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; make this card unable to be destroyed by that battle, destroy the opponent\'s monster that battled it after damage calculation, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Chrysalis Dolphin', 'By Tributing this card while "Neo Space" is on the field, Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin" from your hand or Deck.')
('Stardust Shimmer', 'Select 1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster in your Graveyard. Remove from play other monsters in your Graveyard whose total Levels equal the Level of the selected monster and Special Summon it from the Graveyard.')
('Generation Force', 'If you control an Xyz Monster: Add 1 "Xyz" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Buffalo', 'If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send a total of 2 "Fire Fist" / "Fire Formation" cards from your hand and/or face-up on your side of the field to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You can only use the effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Buffalo" once per turn.')
("World Legacy's Heart", 'Target 2 "World Chalice" monsters in your GY with different names; add them to your hand. If your linked Link Monster would be destroyed by battle, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy\'s Heart" per turn.')
('Mirror Force Dragon', 'Must be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias", using "Mirror Force". When a monster(s) you control is targeted for an attack or by an opponent\'s card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can destroy all cards your opponent controls.')
('Rose Bud', 'Tribute 1 "Elemental HERO Knospe"; Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO Poison Rose" from your hand or Deck.')
('Brain Hazard', 'Select 1 of your removed from play Psychic-Type monsters, and Special Summon it. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.')
("Kozaky's Self-Destruct Button", 'Inflict 1000 damage to the player who destroyed this Set card.')
('Evocator Chevalier', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● You can send 1 face-up Equip Card you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Light-Imprisoning Mirror', 'Negate all LIGHT monster effects activated on the field or in the Graveyard.')
('Myutant GB-88', 'During your opponent\'s Main Phase, if "Myutant Evolution Lab" is in your Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent\'s turn: You can Tribute this card, then banish 1 card from your hand or face-up field; Special Summon 1 of your Level 8 "Myutant" monsters that is banished or in your GY. You can only use each effect of "Myutant GB-88" once per turn.')
('Morphtronic Smartfon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your Graveyard.\n● While in Attack Position: Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, excavate that many cards from the top of your Deck, add 1 excavated "Morphtronic" card to your hand, also shuffle the rest back into the Deck.\n● While in Defense Position: Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, look at that many cards from the top of your Deck, then place all of them on either the top or the bottom of the Deck, but in any order.')
('Assault Counter', 'Activate only while you control an "/Assault Mode" monster. Negate the activation of a Spell Card, Trap Card, or Effect Monster\'s effect and destroy it.')
('Keldo', "When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle, select 2 cards from your opponent's Graveyard, add them to your opponent's Deck and the Deck is then shuffled.")
('The Weather Sunny Canvas', '"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card\'s column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.\r\n● You can banish this card, then target 1 monster you control (Quick Effect); Tribute that target, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "The Weather" monster from your hand or GY, but not with the same name the Tributed monster had on the field.\r\nYou can only control 1 "The Weather Sunny Canvas".')
('Magi Magi Magician Gal', "2 Level 6 Spellcaster-Type monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and banish 1 card from your hand, then activate 1 of these effects.\n● Target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase.\n● Target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon it to your field.")
('Hidden Soldiers', 'When your opponent Normal or Flip Summons a monster: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower DARK monster from your hand.')
('Melffy of the Forest', '2 Level 2 monsters\r\nYou can detach 1 material from this card; add 1 "Melffy" card from your Deck to your hand. If another face-up "Melffy" monster(s) you control returns to your hand (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; while it is face-up on the field, it cannot attack, also negate its effects. You can only use each effect of "Melffy of the Forest" once per turn.')
('Herald of the Arc Light', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nAny monster sent from the hand or Main Deck to the GY is banished instead. When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Ritual Monster or 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand.')
('Back to the Front', 'Target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position.')
('Cataclysmic Circumpolar Chilblainia', 'If a face-up WATER monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can send 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Cataclysmic Circumpolar Chilblainia" once per turn.')
('Vengeful Servant', 'When control of the equipped monster changes, inflict damage equal to its original ATK to its new controller.')
('Battle Footballer', 'A cyborg with high defense power. Originally it was invented for a football machine.')
('Photon Advancer', 'If a "Photon" monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Photon Advancer" once per turn this way. Gains 1000 ATK if another "Photon" monster is on the field.')
('Witchcrafter Haine', 'Your opponent cannot target other Spellcaster monsters you control with card effects. (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 Spell, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Witchcrafter Haine" once per turn.')
('Sky Striker Ace - Kagari', '1 non-FIRE "Sky Striker Ace" monster\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Sky Striker" Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. Gains 100 ATK for each Spell in your GY. You can only Special Summon "Sky Striker Ace - Kagari(s)" once per turn.')
('Set Rotation', "Set 2 Field Spells with different names from your Deck on the field (1 on your field, and 1 on your opponent's field). While either of those cards remain Set on the field, neither player can activate or Set other Field Spells.")
('Gilasaurus', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If Summoned this way: Activate this effect; your opponent can Special Summon 1 monster from their GY.')
('U.A. Dreadnought Dunker', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Dreadnought Dunker". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Dreadnought Dunker" once per turn this way. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.')
('Fire Formation - Tensen', 'When this card is activated: Target 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control; it gains 700 ATK until the end of this turn. (This ATK gain remains even if this card leaves the field.) All Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK.')
('Cybernetic Cyclopean', 'While you have no cards in your hand, this card gains 1000 ATK.')
('Elemental HERO Aqua Neos', '"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin"\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; destroy 1 random card in your opponent\'s hand. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck.')
('Trickstar Foxglove Witch', '2+ Fairy monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card they control. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle or effect: You can Special Summon 1 Link-2 or lower "Trickstar" monster from your Extra Deck, then inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card they control. You can only use each effect of "Trickstar Foxglove Witch" once per turn.')
('Back-Up Rider', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 1500 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Firewall Dragon', '2+ monsters\r\nOnce while face-up on the field (Quick Effect): You can target monsters on the field and/or GY up to the number of monsters co-linked to this card; return them to the hand. If a monster this card points to is destroyed by battle or sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.')
('Monster Express', 'You can target 1 face-up monster you control; send 1 monster from your Extra Deck to the GY with the same original Type as that face-up monster, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except monsters with the same original Type as the monster sent to the GY by this effect. You can only use this effect of "Monster Express" once per turn.')
('Revival of the Immortals', 'Target 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but it cannot declare an attack this turn, also your opponent takes no battle damage from attacks involving it.')
('Tiras, Keeper of Genesis', "2 Level 5 monsters\nThis card's effects can only be applied/resolved while it has Xyz Material. This card cannot be destroyed by card effects. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. During each of your End Phases: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card.")
('Heraldic Beast Twin-Headed Eagle', 'You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control with no Xyz Materials and 2 "Heraldic Beast" monsters in your Graveyard; attach those monsters from the Graveyard to that face-up Xyz Monster, as Xyz Materials. You can only use the effect of "Heraldic Beast Twin-Headed Eagle" once per turn.')
('Blue Mountain Butterspy', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. When you Normal Summon a Warrior monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Cannot be used as Synchro Material.')
('Whitebeard, the Plunder Patroll Helm', 'During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Plunder Patroll" monster from your Extra Deck with the same Attribute as a monster your opponent controls or is in their GY, and if you do, equip this card you control to it. If this card is sent from the hand or Monster Zone to the GY: You can activate this effect; Special Summon 1 "Plunder Patroll" monster from your Deck, except "Whitebeard, the Plunder Patroll Helm", also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Plunder Patroll" monsters. You can only use each effect of "Whitebeard, the Plunder Patroll Helm" once per turn.')
('Goyo Emperor', "2 EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monsters\nWhen this card, or a monster you control that is owned by your opponent, destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon that monster to your side of the field. When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), except during the Damage Step: You can Tribute 1 EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monster; take control of that monster(s). If this face-up card leaves the field: Return control of all monsters you control to the owner.")
('Magical Citadel of Endymion', 'Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. If a card with a Spell Counter(s) is destroyed, place its Spell Counters on this card. Once per turn, if you would activate a card effect by removing a Spell Counter(s) from a card you control, you can remove that many Spell Counters from this card instead. If this card would be destroyed, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card instead.')
('Silent Magician', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Spellcaster-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 500 ATK for each card in your hand. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, when a Spell Card is activated: You can negate the activation. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Silent Magician" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Silent Magician", ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Infernity General', 'If you have no cards in your hand: You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target 2 Level 3 or lower "Infernity" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them from the Graveyard, but their effects are negated.')
('Banisher of the Radiance', 'Any card sent to the Graveyard is banished instead.')
('Star Blast', 'Pay any number of Life Points in multiples of 500; reduce the Level of 1 monster you control or that is in your hand by 1 for each 500 Life Points you paid, until the End Phase.')
('Dino-Sewing', 'Cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is targeted for an attack: This card gains 1000 ATK and DEF. If this card attacked, after damage calculation: The ATK and DEF gained from this effect returns to 0.')
('Left Arm Offering', 'If you have 2 or more other cards in your hand: Banish your entire hand; add 1 Spell from your Deck to your hand. You cannot Set Spells/Traps during the turn you activate this card.')
('Gagaga Child', 'If you control a "Gagaga" monster other than "Gagaga Child", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When you do: You can target 1 "Gagaga" monster you control with a different Level than this card; this card\'s Level becomes the Level of that monster. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.')
('Ally of Justice Searcher', 'Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to select 1 face-down Defense Position monster your opponent controls and change it to face-up Attack Position. Flip Effects are not activated at this time.')
('Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon', "If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. This card gains the appropriate effects if you Normal Summon it by Tributing these monsters.\n● Green Gadget: If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. \n● Red Gadget: If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Inflict 400 damage to your opponent. \n● Yellow Gadget: If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict 600 damage to your opponent.")
('Gateway to Dark World', 'Target 1 "Dark World" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card (but you can Set).')
('Speedroid Tri-Eyed Dice', "During your opponent's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the next attack this turn from a monster your opponent controls (this is a Quick Effect).")
('Superheavy Samurai Prepped Defense', 'Cannot be Normal or Flip Summoned, if you have any Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard. When you take battle damage, if you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard and this card is in your hand: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn.')
('All-Eyes Phantom Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, at the end of the Damage Step, if your Dragon Pendulum Monster attacked an opponent\'s monster: You can activate this effect; it can attack again in a row. You cannot declare attacks the turn you activate this effect, except with that monster.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nCannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or face-up Extra Deck) by Tributing all monsters you control (min. 2), including a Dragon Pendulum Monster. You can only Special Summon "All-Eyes Phantom Dragon" once per turn this way. Once per turn, during damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent\'s monster: Double this card\'s current ATK until the end of this turn. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card or effect (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Spell/Trap you control to the GY; negate the activation.')
('Aegis of the Ocean Dragon Lord', 'Until the End Phase, face-up Level 3 or lower WATER monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.')
('Lunalight Cat Dancer', '2 "Lunalight" monsters\nCannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can Tribute 1 other "Lunalight" monster; for the rest of this turn, the first time each monster your opponent controls would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed, also this card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, twice each, this turn. If this card declares an attack: Inflict 100 damage to your opponent.')
('The Beginning of the End', 'If you have 7 or more DARK monsters in your GY: Banish 5 DARK monsters from your GY; draw 3 cards.')
('Alien Telepath', 'Once per turn, you can remove 1 A-Counter from an opponent\'s monster to destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.)')
('Cranium Fish', 'You can Special Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Ocean\'s Keeper". You can discard 1 WATER monster to the Graveyard to destroy 1 face-down card.')
('Vylon Charger', 'All face-up LIGHT monsters you control gain 300 ATK for each Equip Card equipped to this card.')
('Stim-Pack', 'The equipped monster gains 700 ATK. During each of your Standby Phases, the equipped monster loses 200 ATK.')
('Thunderforce Attack', 'This card\'s activation and effect cannot be negated. If you control a monster whose original name is "Slifer the Sky Dragon": Destroy as many face-up monsters your opponent controls as possible, then, if this card was activated during your Main Phase, you can draw cards equal to the number of monsters destroyed and sent to your opponent\'s GY by this effect, but you can only attack with 1 monster this turn. You can only activate 1 "Thunderforce Attack" per turn.')
('Hieratic Seal of Banishment', 'Tribute 1 "Hieratic" monster to target 1 card your opponent controls; banish that target.')
('Sun God Unification', 'If you control a monster whose original name is "The Winged Dragon of Ra", you can activate this card the turn it was Set. During the Main Phase: You can pay LP so that you only have 100 left; 1 Special Summoned "The Winged Dragon of Ra" you control gains ATK/DEF equal to the amount of LP paid (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "The Winged Dragon of Ra"; gain LP equal to its ATK on the field. You cannot activate both of this card\'s effects in the same Chain.')
("Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier", 'If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Exile of the Wicked', 'Destroy all Fiend monsters on the field.')
('Zombie Master', 'Once per turn: You can send 1 monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 Level 4 or lower Zombie monster in either GY; Special Summon that target. This monster must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Evilswarm Ouroboros', "3 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects. Each effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.\n● Target 1 card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.\n● Send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard.\n● Target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target.")
('Sublimation Knight', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can equip 1 FIRE Warrior or 1 Gemini monster from your hand or Deck to this card as an Equip Spell that gives this card 500 ATK. If this card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card while equipped with a Gemini monster(s): You can Special Summon as many of those Gemini monsters from your GY as possible, as Effect Monsters that gain their effects. You can only use each effect of "Sublimation Knight" once per turn.')
('Naturia Leodrake', '1 EARTH Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner EARTH monsters')
('Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon', 'You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It gains 1000 DEF. During either player\'s Battle Phase, when your opponent activates a card effect while you control a Defense Position "Superheavy Samurai" monster: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then destroy as many monsters on the field as possible (min.1), and if you do, both players take 1000 damage.')
('Assault Armor', 'Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster that is the only monster you control. It gains 300 ATK. During your Main Phase 1, you can send this equipped card to the Graveyard to allow the equipped monster to attack twice during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('Vylon Pentachloro', 'Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up "Vylon" monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, if the equipped monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.)')
('Dododo Buster', 'If only your opponent controls a monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If Summoned this way, its Level becomes 4. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can target 1 "Dododo" monster in your GY; Special Summon that target in Defense Position.')
('Magic Planter', 'Send 1 face-up Continuous Trap you control to the GY; draw 2 cards.')
('Cir, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss', 'If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Cir, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Burning Abyss" monster in your Graveyard, except "Cir, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss"; Special Summon it.')
('Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragon', '3 Level 9 monsters\r\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 8 "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz Monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) Cannot be used as material for an Xyz Summon. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this Xyz Summoned card you control, is destroyed by battle with an opponent\'s attacking monster, or destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, and sent to your GY: You can target 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon" in your GY; Special Summon it.')
('Evolsaur Diplo', 'When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Xyz Shift', 'Tribute 1 Xyz Monster; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 monster with the same Type, Attribute, and Rank as that Tributed monster had on the field, but with a different name, and if you do, attach this card to it as an Xyz Material. During the End Phase, send it to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Xyz Shift" per turn.')
('Ancient Warriors Saga - Sun-Liu Alliance', 'If you control "Ancient Warriors" monsters with 2 or more different Attributes: You can declare 1 Attribute; your opponent cannot activate the effects of monsters they currently control with that Attribute, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), or you activate an "Ancient Warriors" monster\'s effect (except during the Damage Step): You can make all "Ancient Warriors" monsters you control gain 300 ATK for each "Ancient Warriors" monster you control until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use each effect of "Ancient Warriors Saga - Sun-Liu Alliance" once per turn.')
('Gogogo Aristera & Dexia', 'While another "Gogogo" monster is on the field, your opponent\'s monsters cannot target "Gogogo" monsters for attacks, also your opponent cannot target "Gogogo" monsters on the field with card effects. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using only this card and other "Gogogo" monsters as material gains this effect.\r\n● When it is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; change it to Defense Position, and if you do, change its DEF to 0.')
('Psychic Sword', "Equip only to a Psychic-Type monster. While your LP is lower than your opponent's, the equipped monster gains ATK equal to the difference (max. 2000).")
('War-Lion Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Super War-Lion". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 7 or more.')
('Performapal Guitartle', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf a "Performapal" card is activated in your other Pendulum Zone: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Guitartle" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; increase its Pendulum Scale by 2 until the end of this turn.')
('Level Eater', 'If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher monster you control; reduce its Level by 1, and if you do, Special Summon this card. This face-up card on the field cannot be Tributed, except for a Tribute Summon.')
('Cyber Egg Angel', 'If this card is Summoned: You can add 1 "Machine Angel" Spell or 1 "Ritual Sanctuary" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Cyber Egg Angel" once per turn.')
('Magical Hats', "During your opponent's Battle Phase: Choose 2 Spell/Trap Cards from your Deck and 1 monster in your Main Monster Zone. Special Summon them as Normal Monsters (ATK 0/DEF 0) in face-down Defense Position, Set the chosen monster if it is face-up, and shuffle them on the field. The 2 cards chosen from your Deck are destroyed at the end of the Battle Phase, and cannot remain on the field except during this Battle Phase.")
('Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nThis card\'s name becomes "Red Dragon Archfiend" while it is on the field or in the GY. Once per turn: You can destroy as many Special Summoned Effect Monsters on the field as possible with ATK less than or equal to this card\'s (other than this card), then inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.')
('Grand Horn of Heaven', "During your opponent's Main Phase, when they would Special Summon a monster(s): Negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster, then your opponent draws 1 card, then end the Main Phase.")
('Golem Dragon', 'Your opponent cannot target face-up Dragon-Type monsters for attacks, except this one.')
('Packet Link', 'During Main Phase 2: Special Summon any number of Level 2 or lower monsters with different names from your hand, Deck, and/or GY to your zone(s) a Link Monster(s) points to. You can only activate 1 "Packet Link" per turn.')
('Number 51: Finisher the Strong Arm', '3 Level 3 monsters\nCannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; place 1 Counter on this card (max. 3). At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled, and has 3 of these Counters: You can destroy all cards your opponent controls.')
('Doble Passe', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack on a face-up Attack Position monster you control: Make your opponent's attack a direct attack instead and inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the attack target you control. Also, that monster you control can attack your opponent directly during your next turn.")
('Performapal King Bear', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can destroy this card, and if you do, add 1 Level 7 or higher monster to your hand, that is either in your Graveyard or face-up in your Extra Deck.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nCannot be destroyed by Spell/Trap effects while in face-up Attack Position. This card gains 100 ATK for each "Performapal" card you control, during your Battle Phase only.')
("Gravekeeper's Lot", '[If you lose 1800 or more LP, you can activate this Skill during your next Draw Phase.]\r\n\r\nDuring your Draw Phase, you may search your Deck for a “Gravekeeper’s” card, reveal it to your opponent, and add it to your hand instead of drawing. If you do that, flip this card over.')
('Pantheism of the Monarchs', 'Send 1 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Card from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; reveal 3 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Cards from your Deck, your opponent chooses 1 for you to add to your hand, and you shuffle the rest back into your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Pantheism of the Monarchs" once per turn.')
('Curtain of the Dark Ones', 'A curtain that a spellcaster made, it is said to raise a dark power.')
('Wattmole', "This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. If this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, you can destroy that monster immediately with this card's effect without flipping it face-up or applying damage calculation.")
('Abyss Script - Abysstainment', 'You can Tribute 1 "Abyss Actor" monster, then target 1 "Abyss Script" Spell in your GY; Set it to your field. You can use this effect of "Abyss Script - Abysstainment" up to twice per turn. If this Set card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can Special Summon any number of "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monsters from your Deck.')
('Elemental HERO Tempest', '"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Bubbleman"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can send 1 other card you control to the Graveyard to target 1 monster you control; while this card is face-up on the field, that monster cannot be destroyed by battle.')
("Vampire's Curse", 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can pay 500 Life Points; Special Summon it during the Standby Phase of the next turn. When you do: It gains 500 ATK.')
('Twin Photon Lizard', '2 "Photon" monsters\nYou can Tribute this card; Special Summon, from your Graveyard, both of the Fusion Material Monsters used for the Fusion Summon of this card.')
('Cyber-Tech Alligator', 'Originally a pterodactyl, he was viciously attacked by a dragon. Using the newest technologies, his keeper saved him from near-fatal wounds and brought him back as a powerful Cyborg.')
('SPYRAL GEAR - Utility Wire', 'If you control "SPYRAL Super Agent": Target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; place it on top of the Deck. You can only activate 1 "SPYRAL GEAR - Utility Wire" per turn.')
('Vulcan the Divine', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: Target 1 face-up card you control and 1 face-up card your opponent controls; return those targets to the hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same name as those returned to the hand by this effect. You can only use this effect of "Vulcan the Divine" once per turn.')
('Shelrokket Dragon', 'When a Link Monster\'s effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then destroy 1 monster in the column this card was in, and if you do, destroy any monsters in that card\'s adjacent zones. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Shelrokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Shelrokket Dragon" once per turn.')
('Serziel, Watcher of the Evil Eye', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Evil Eye" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Serziel, Watcher of the Evil Eye". If this card is equipped with "Evil Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Serziel, Watcher of the Evil Eye" once per turn. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this effect was activated: Destroy 1 card you control.')
('Mystic Horseman', 'Half man and half horse, this monster is known for its extreme speed.')
('El Dorado Adelantado', 'If you control an "Eldlich" monster: Activate 1 of these effects;\n● Shuffle 3 of your banished "Eldlixir" Spells/Traps with different names into your Deck, and if you do, destroy all cards on the field.\n● Shuffle 3 of your banished "Golden Land" Spells/Traps with different names into your Deck, and if you do, halve your opponent\'s LP, then you gain LP equal to their LP.\nYou can only activate 1 "El Dorado Adelantado" per turn.')
('Specimen Inspection', 'Reveal 1 "Fossil Fusion" in your hand; send 1 monster from your hand to the GY, and if you do, declare 1 Type and Level, your opponent looks at their hand and Deck, and sends 1 monster of the declared Type and Level to the GY if there is any. You can only activate 1 "Specimen Inspection" per turn.')
('El Shaddoll Apkallone', '2 "Shaddoll" monsters with different Attributes\r\nMust first be Fusion Summoned. Cannot be destroyed by battle. You can only use each of the following effects of "El Shaddoll Apkallone" once per turn.\r\n● If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; negate its effects.\r\n● If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Shaddoll" card from your Deck or GY to your hand, then discard 1 card.')
('Wicked Rebirth', 'Activate this card by paying 800 LP, then target 1 Synchro Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Attack Position. Its effects are negated, also it cannot declare an attack this turn. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('Zefra Divine Strike', 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: Banish 1 face-up "Zefra" monster in your Extra Deck; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Fortune Fairy Hikari', 'When you draw this card: You can reveal it; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can target 1 monster you control; send it to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 1 Spellcaster monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Fortune Fairy Hikari" once per turn.')
('D - Tactics', 'During the Standby Phase: You can have all "HERO" monsters you control gain 400 ATK (even if this card leaves the field). If a Level 8 or higher "Destiny HERO" monster(s) or a "Destiny End Dragoon" is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can banish 1 card from your opponent\'s hand (random), field, or GY. If this card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by card effect: You can add 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "D - Tactics" once per turn.')
('Bio-Mage', 'A mysterious priest created as a result of the latest advances in biotechnology.')
('Number 60: Dugares the Timeless', '2 Level 4 monsters\r\nYou can detach 2 materials from this card, then activate 1 of the following effects;\r\n● Skip your next Draw Phase, also draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card.\r\n● Skip your next Main Phase 1, also Special Summon 1 monster from your GY in Defense Position.\r\n● Skip the Battle Phase of your next turn, also double the ATK of 1 monster you control until the end of this turn.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Number 60: Dugares the Timeless" once per turn.')
('World Legacy - "World Crown"', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon "World Legacy - "World Crown"" once per turn this way. When a monster on the field that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck activates its effect (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. If this Normal Summoned/Set card is Tributed: You can add 1 "World Legacy" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "World Legacy - "World Crown"" once per turn.')
('Fabled Andraith', '1 "Fabled" Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can activate this effect; your opponent can discard 1 card to negate this effect, otherwise you draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card. If a monster(s) is sent from your opponent\'s hand to the GY: You can target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon it to your field, but negate its effects. You can only use each effect of "Fabled Andraith" once per turn.')
('Mare Mare', 'Cannot be Special Summoned, except by the effect of a Wyrm-Type monster. During your Main Phase: You can reduce this card\'s Level by 1, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Mini Mare Mare Token" (Wyrm-Type/WATER/Level 1/ATK 300/DEF 200). You can only use this effect of "Mare Mare" up to thrice per turn.')
('Dance Princess of the Ice Barrier', 'Once per turn, if you control another face-up "Ice Barrier" monster, you can reveal any number of "Ice Barrier" monsters in your hand to select an equal number of Set Spell/Trap cards your opponent controls. Return the selected Set Spell/Trap cards your opponent controls to the hand.')
('Shifting Shadows', 'Once per turn, by paying 300 Life Points, rearrange the face-down Defense Position monsters in your Main Monster Zones, then return them in face-down Defense Position.')
('Dual Avatar Defeating Evil', 'Target 1 "Dual Avatar" monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them, then if you destroyed a "Dual Avatar" Fusion Monster you control by this effect, you can apply 1 of these effects.\r\n● Draw 1 card.\r\n● Banish 1 card from your opponent\'s GY.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Dual Avatar Defeating Evil" per turn.')
('Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when an attack is declared involving a face-up monster you control and an opponent\'s monster, if you have an "Odd-Eyes" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can make that monster you control gain 1200 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this Pendulum Summoned card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by attacking: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to the number of "Odd-Eyes" cards in your Pendulum Zones x 1200. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon" once per turn.')
('Gren Maju Da Eiza', "This card's ATK/DEF are each equal to the number of your banished cards x 400.")
("Raider's Unbreakable Mind", '(This card is always treated as a "The Phantom Knights" and "Raidraptor" card.)\r\nIf you Xyz Summon using a DARK Xyz Monster as material: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this face-up card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by a card effect: You can Set 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell directly from your Deck or GY. You can only use each effect of "Raider\'s Unbreakable Mind" once per turn.')
('Dark Ruler Ha Des', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the GY. Negate the effects of monsters destroyed by battle with Fiend monsters you control.')
('Megalith Portal', 'The first time each Ritual Summoned monster would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. If a "Megalith" monster is Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Ritual Monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Megalith Portal" once per turn.')
('Splash Mage', '2 Cyberse monsters\nYou can target 1 Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters. You can only use this effect of "Splash Mage" once per turn.')
('Mystical Fairy Elfuria', "Once per turn: You can reveal 1 WIND monster in your hand; until the end of your opponent's next turn, neither player can Xyz Summon using monsters with a different Level from the revealed monster as Xyz Material.")
('Armed Ninja', 'FLIP: Target 1 Spell Card on the field; destroy that target. (If the target is Set, reveal it, and destroy it if it is a Spell Card. Otherwise, return it to its original position.)')
('Bottom Dweller', 'This is one sea creature whose wrath is something monsters fear to face.')
('TGX3-DX2', 'Target 3 "T.G." monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 3 into your Deck, then draw 2 cards.')
('Dark Chimera', 'A fire-breathing monster that dwells in the netherworld.')
('Simorgh, Bird of Ancestry', "Both players Tribute Summon WIND monsters with 1 less Tribute than required. If you Tribute Summon this card by Tributing only WIND monsters, return up to 2 cards your opponent controls to their owner's hand. This card is treated as a Normal Monster while in your hand.")
('Cipher Etranger', 'If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can target 1 "Cipher" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as an Xyz Material. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Cipher" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Cipher Etranger" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Black-Winged Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf you would take damage from a card effect, place 1 Black Feather Counter on this card instead. This card loses 700 ATK for each Black Feather Counter on it. Once per turn: You can remove all Black Feather Counters on this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses 700 ATK for each Black Feather Counter you removed, and if it does, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK lost by this effect.')
('Granadora', 'When this monster is Normal Summoned, Flip Summoned or Special Summoned, increase your Life Points by 1000 points. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you take 2000 points of damage.')
('Submarine Frog', 'During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Patroid', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can look at 1 face-down card your opponent controls, then return it to its original position.')
('Mana Dragon Zirnitron', 'If a Spell/Trap you control leaves the field because of an opponent\'s effect, and is now in the GY or banished (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your GY (if it was there when that Spell/Trap left) or hand (even if not), then you can Set 1 Spell/Trap that is banished or in your GY to your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use this effect of "Mana Dragon Zirnitron" once per turn. If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field.')
('Fabled Marchosia', 'If this card is in your hand: You can discard up to 2 monsters, including a "Fabled" monster, except "Fabled Marchosia", and if you do, Special Summon this card, and if you do that, it gains 200 ATK for each monster discarded by this effect. If this card is discarded to the GY: Add 1 "Fabled" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Fabled Marchosia" once per turn.')
('Kozmo Strawman', 'During either player\'s turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 3 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmo Strawman" once per turn. Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 of your banished "Kozmo" monsters; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated, also destroy it during the End Phase.')
('Fluffal Bear', 'You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; Set 1 "Toy Vendor" directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Polymerization" in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use 1 "Fluffal Bear" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Gishki Diviner', 'Once per turn: You can declare 1 card name; reveal the top card of your Deck, and if it is the declared card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, return it to the top of the Deck.')
('VW-Tiger Catapult', '"V-Tiger Jet" + "W-Wing Catapult"\r\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) You can discard 1 card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; change that target\'s battle position. (Flip Effects are not activated.)')
('Byroad Sacrifice', 'Activate only if a monster on your side of the field is destroyed by battle. Special Summon 1 "Cyber Ogre" from your hand.')
('Vendread Houndhorde', 'If this card is in your GY: You can discard 1 "Vendread" card; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. A "Vendread" monster Ritual Summoned using this card on the field gains the following effect. You can only use each of the preceding effects of "Vendread Houndhorde" once per turn.\r\n● Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; banish it.')
('Millennium Eye (Skill Card)', '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.]\r\n\r\nAt the start of the Duel, look at your opponent’s opening hand. You may choose to have that player shuffle their hand into their Deck and draw a new hand. (If both players use a Skill at the same time, the Turn player resolves their Skill first.)')
('Tyrant Dragon', "During your Battle Phase, if your opponent controls a monster after this card's first attack, this card can make a second attack. Negate any Trap effects that target this card on the field, and if you do, destroy that Trap. This card cannot be Special Summoned from the GY, unless you Tribute 1 Dragon monster.")
('Three-Headed Geedo', 'A three-headed nocturnal monster that is absolutely ruthless when fighting.')
('Premature Burial', 'Activate this card by paying 800 LP, then target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Attack Position and equip it with this card. When this card is destroyed, destroy the equipped monster.')
('Super Quantum Green Layer', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Super Quant" monster from your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can discard 1 "Super Quant" card; draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Super Quantum Green Layer" once per turn.')
('Oneiros, the Dream Mirror Erlking', '2 "Dream Mirror" monsters with different Attributes\r\nWhile face-up on the field, this card is also DARK-Attribute. You can only use each of the following effects of "Oneiros, the Dream Mirror Erlking" once per turn.\r\n● If another monster you control is Tributed (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.\r\n● If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can Special Summon 1 "Dream Mirror" monster from your GY, except "Oneiros, the Dream Mirror Erlking".')
('Arcane Barrier', 'Each time a face-up Spellcaster monster(s) on the field is destroyed, place 1 Spell Counter on this card (max. 4). You can send this card and 1 face-up Spellcaster monster you control to the GY; draw 1 card for each Spell Counter that was on this card.')
('Noble Arms - Gallatin', 'You can only control 1 "Noble Arms - Gallatin". Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. It gains 1000 ATK. During each of your Standby Phases, it loses 200 ATK. If this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Warrior-Type "Noble Knight" monster you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of "Noble Arms - Gallatin" once per turn.')
('Genex Ally Changer', "Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up monster on the field and declare 1 Attribute. The selected monster's Attribute becomes the declared Attribute until the End Phase.")
('Hip Hoshiningen', '2 LIGHT monsters\r\nAll LIGHT monsters on the field gain 500 ATK/DEF, also all DARK monsters on the field lose 400 ATK/DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 LIGHT monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Hip Hoshiningen" once per turn.')
('Preparation of Rites', 'Add 1 Level 7 or lower Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand, then you can add 1 Ritual Spell from your GY to your hand.')
('Booby Trap E', 'Discard 1 card; Set 1 Continuous Trap Card from your hand or Graveyard to your field. That Set card can be activated during this turn.')
('Twin Long Rods #2', 'An amphibious creature with two whip-like tails.')
('"A" Cell Incubator', 'Each time an A-Counter(s) is removed from play by a card effect, place 1 A-Counter on this card. When this card is destroyed, distribute the A-Counters on this card among face-up monsters.')
('Carrierroid', "When an opponent activates a card's effect that targets and destroys a Spell or Trap Card(s) you control, you can discard 1 card to negate its activation and destroy the card.")
('Etoile Cyber', 'If this card attacks your opponent directly, it gains 500 ATK during the Damage Step only.')
('Steelswarm Caucastag', 'When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing 2 "Steelswarm" monsters: Activate 1 of these effects.\n● Destroy all monsters on the field, except this card.\n● Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.')
('Nitro Synchron', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a "Nitro" Synchro Monster: Draw 1 card.')
('Neutron Blast', 'Target 1 Fusion Summoned "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" you control; this turn, it can make a second and third attack during each Battle Phase, also when it attacks, your opponent\'s cards and effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step.')
('Naelshaddoll Ariel', 'FLIP: You can target 1 of your banished "Shaddoll" monsters; Special Summon it in face-up or face-down Defense Position.\r\nIf this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target up to 3 cards in the GY(s); banish them. You can only use 1 "Naelshaddoll Ariel" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Memory Crusher', 'If this card successfully attacks directly, inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each card in their Extra Deck.')
('Invoked Purgatrio', '"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 FIRE monster\r\nThis card gains 200 ATK for each card your opponent controls. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('NEXT', 'Special Summon any number of monsters with different names from your hand and/or GY, in Defense Position, that are all "Neo-Spacian" monsters or "Elemental HERO Neos", but negate their effects, and as long as you control any of those Special Summoned monsters face-up, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Fusion Monsters. You can only activate 1 "NEXT" per turn. If you control no cards, you can activate this card from your hand.')
('Fiend Reflection #1', 'This monster can draw its enemies into a mirror world that renders them helpless.')
('Ritual Foregone', 'Pay 1000 LP; Special Summon 1 Ritual Monster from your hand, but it cannot attack, also destroy it during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Ritual Foregone" per turn.')
('Metalfoes Silverd', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nSizzling soldier on a silver sublight speedjet. Can\'t track her, can\'t see her, can\'t escape that lightspeed laser.')
('Overburst Dragon', '2 "Rokket" monsters\nYou can target 1 other Link Monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your hand to your zone that target points to, but the monster Summoned by this effect cannot be used as Link Material, also destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Overburst Dragon" once per turn. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Rokket" monster in your GY; add it to your hand.')
('Nine Pillars of Yang Zing', 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated, and you control a "Yang Zing" card: Negate the activation, and if you do, shuffle that card into the Deck, then destroy 1 other "Yang Zing" card you control.')
('Until Noble Arms are Needed Once Again', 'Excavate cards from the top of your Deck, equal to the number of "Noble Arms" Equip Spells you control, and if you do, add 1 of them to your hand, also place the remaining cards on top of your Deck in any order. You can banish this card from your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY; Special Summon from your Deck, 1 "Noble Knight" monster with a different name from the cards you control or in your GY. You can only use this effect of "Until Noble Arms are Needed Once Again" once per turn.')
('Ancient Gear Fortress', 'During the turn they were Normal or Special Summoned, your opponent cannot target "Ancient Gear" monsters you control with card effects, and they cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of "Ancient Gear" cards and effects. If this card is destroyed in the Spell & Trap Zone: You can Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" monster from your hand or Graveyard, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Ancient Gear" monsters.')
('Ebon Illusion Magician', '2 Level 7 monsters\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 6 Spellcaster-Type Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 Spellcaster-Type Normal Monster from your hand or Deck. When a Spellcaster-Type Normal Monster declares an attack: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; banish it. You can only use this effect of "Ebon Illusion Magician" once per turn.')
('Myutant Clash', 'When you activate this card: You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; banish 1 "Myutant" monster from your GY, and if you do, negate its effect until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). When your Level 8 or higher "Myutant" monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Myutant Clash" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Myutant Clash" per turn.')
('Cuben', 'Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, and while this monster is face-up on the field, neither player can Normal or Special Summon monsters with the same Level as the result.')
('Mischief of the Gnomes', "This turn, reduce the Levels of all monsters in each player's hand by 1 (even after they are Summoned/Set). You can banish this card from the Graveyard; this turn, reduce the Levels of all monsters in each player's hand by 1 (even after they are Summoned/Set).")
('Fairy Tail - Sleeper', 'FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.\r\nWhen your opponent activates a Normal Spell/Trap Card (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 other monster; the activated effect becomes "Change 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position". You can only use this effect of "Fairy Tail - Sleeper" once per turn.')
('Remove Trap', 'Select 1 face-up Trap Card on the field and destroy it.')
('The End of Anubis', 'While this card is face-up on the field, all effects of Spell, Trap, and Monster Cards that target a card(s) in the Graveyard or that activate in the Graveyard are negated.')
('Weather Control', 'This creature controls weather and is often the cause of mountain storms.')
('F.A. Pit Stop', 'Target 1 "F.A." monster you control; reduce its Level by 2, and if you do, draw cards equal to the number of "F.A. Pit Stop" in your GY +1. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "F.A." monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "F.A. Pit Stop" once per turn.')
('Xyz Avenger', "This card is unaffected by the effects of Xyz Monsters. When this card is destroyed by battle with an Xyz Monster and sent to the Graveyard: Activate 1 of these effects, depending on the Rank of the Xyz Monster that destroyed this card;\n● Rank 3 or lower: Your opponent sends 1 card from their Extra Deck to the Graveyard.\n● Rank 4: Choose 1 card in your opponent's Extra Deck and send it to the Graveyard.\n● Rank 5 or higher: Your opponent sends as many cards from their Extra Deck to the Graveyard as possible, but not more than the Xyz Monster's Rank.")
('PSY-Frame Multi-Threader', 'This card\'s name becomes "PSY-Frame Driver" while it is in the hand or Graveyard. If a "PSY-Frame" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can discard this card instead. If a "PSY-Frame" Tuner is Special Summoned to your field, while this card is in your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "PSY-Frame Multi-Threader" once per turn.')
('Raidraptor - Final Fortress Falcon', '3 Level 12 monsters\r\nIf this card has a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster as Xyz Material, it is unaffected by other cards\' effects. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; return all your banished "Raidraptor" monsters to your GY. Up to twice per turn, when this attacking card destroys a monster by battle: You can banish 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster from your GY; this card can attack again in a row.')
('Chicken Game', "The player with the lowest LP takes no damage. Once per turn, during the Main Phase: The turn player can pay 1000 LP, then activate 1 of these effects;\n● Draw 1 card.\n● Destroy this card.\n● Your opponent gains 1000 LP.\nNeither player can activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.")
('Altitude Knight', 'Once per turn, if another monster on the field returns to the hand or Main Deck: Send 1 WIND monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('The Reliable Guardian', "Increase 1 face-up monster's DEF by 700 points until the end of this turn.")
('Worm Victory', 'FLIP: Destroy all face-up monsters on the field, except Reptile-Type "Worm" monsters. This card gains 500 ATK for each Reptile-Type "Worm" monster in your Graveyard.')
('Rogue Doll', 'A deadly doll gifted with mystical power, it is particularly powerful when attacking against dark forces.')
('Ice Queen', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the GY. When this face-up card you control is destroyed and sent to your GY: You can target 1 Spell in your GY; add that target to your hand. You must have 3 or more Spellcaster monsters in your GY to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Witchcrafter Schmietta', 'During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then discard 1 Spell; Special Summon 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your Deck, except "Witchcrafter Schmietta". You can banish this card from your GY; send 1 "Witchcrafter" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Witchcrafter Schmietta". You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Schmietta" once per turn.')
('Soul Rope', 'When a monster you control is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): Pay 1000 LP; Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your Deck.')
('Elemental HERO Neos Knight', '"Elemental HERO Neos" + 1 Warrior monster\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned. Gains ATK equal to half the original ATK of the Warrior Fusion Material used for its Fusion Summon, except "Elemental HERO Neos". Can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. Your opponent takes no battle damage from attacks involving this card.')
('Dark Beckoning Beast', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", 1 "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", 1 "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms", or 1 card that specifically lists any of those names in its text, from your Deck to your hand, except "Dark Beckoning Beast". You can only use this effect of "Dark Beckoning Beast" once per turn. During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 Fiend monster with 0 ATK and DEF, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)')
('Water Girl', 'A lovely lady who can launch water projectiles that turn into lethal ice spikes before they reach an opponent.')
("Sword of Dragon's Soul", 'Equip only to a Warrior monster. It gains 700 ATK. After damage calculation, if the equipped monster battled a Dragon monster: Destroy that monster at the end of that Battle Phase.')
('Battlewasp - Arbalest the Rapidfire', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower Insect monster in your GY; Special Summon that monster in Defense Position. If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can Special Summon 1 "Battlewasp" monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Battlewasp - Arbalest the Rapidfire" once per turn.')
('Seraphim Papillon', '2+ monsters with different names\nGains 200 ATK for each counter on it. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Seraphim Papillion" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● If this card is Link Summoned: Place 1 counter on this card for each Insect monster used as its Link Material.\n● (Quick Effect): You can remove 1 counter from this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Insect monster from your GY in Defense Position.')
('Ghost Bird of Bewitchment', "This card gains an effect based on your Main Monster Zone it is in.\r\n● Leftmost: Gains 1000 ATK/DEF.\r\n● Rightmost: Can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.\r\n● Center: Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.\r\n● Others: Monsters in this column cannot activate their effects.")
('Jurrac Giganoto', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Dinosaur-Type monsters\nAll face-up "Jurrac" monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each "Jurrac" monster in your Graveyard.')
('Rebirth of Nephthys', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Nephthys" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. Then, if you Tributed "Devotee of Nephthys" or "Cerulean Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys", you can destroy 1 card on the field.')
('Burial from a Different Dimension', 'Target up to 3 banished monsters; return them to the GY.')
('Witchcrafter Golem Aruru', 'When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a Spellcaster monster(s) you control, or targets it for an attack (Quick Effect): You can target 1 card your opponent controls, or 1 "Witchcrafter" Spell in your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, return that targeted card to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Witchcrafter Golem Aruru" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s Standby Phase: Return this card to the hand.')
('Prank-Kids Bow-Wow-Bark', '2 "Prank-Kids" monsters\r\nA "Prank-Kids" monster this card points to gains 1000 ATK. During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Prank-Kids" cards with different names in your GY, except Link Monsters; add them to your hand, also "Prank-Kids" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects this turn. You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Bow-Wow-Bark" once per turn.')
('Mind Pollutant', 'Discard 1 monster to target 1 monster of that Level your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase.')
('Super Robolady', '"Robolady" + "Roboyarou"\nYou can Special Summon "Super Roboyarou" by returning this card from the field to the Extra Deck. You cannot use this effect during the same turn this monster is Special Summoned. In addition, increase the ATK of this monster by 1000 points during the Damage Step when this monster inflicts Direct Damage to your opponent\'s Life Points.')
('Maestroke the Symphony Djinn', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; change it to face-down Defense Position. If a "Djinn" Xyz Monster you control would be destroyed, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from that monster instead.')
('Reload', 'Add all cards in your hand to your Deck and shuffle it. Then draw the same number of cards that you added to your Deck.')
('Friller Rabca', 'When a Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target the attacking monster; negate the attack, and if you do, that target loses 500 ATK until the end of the next turn. You can only use this effect of "Friller Rabca" once per turn.')
('Pinpoint Landing', 'If exactly 1 monster is Special Summoned, from the hand to your field: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Pinpoint Landing" once per turn. During your End Phase, if you have not drawn a card by this effect this turn, send this card to the GY.')
('Masked Beast Des Gardius', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 2 monsters, including at least 1 "Grand Tiki Elder" or "Melchid the Four-Face Beast". When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, equip 1 "The Mask of Remnants" from your Deck to 1 monster on the field.')
('Infernoid Decatron', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Infernoid" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Infernoid Decatron", and if you do, increase this card\'s Level by the Level of the sent monster, and if you do that, this card\'s name becomes that monster\'s, and replace this effect with that monster\'s original effects.')
('Star Seraph Sword', 'Once per turn: You can send 1 "Star Seraph" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; this card gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the sent monster, until the End Phase.')
('Reject Reborn', "When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: End the Battle Phase, then you can Special Summon 1 Tuner and 1 Synchro Monster from your Graveyard, but they have their effects negated.")
('Breaker the Magical Warrior', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: Place 1 Spell Counter on it (max. 1). Gains 300 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy that target.')
('Altergeist Silquitous', '(Quick Effect): You can return 1 other "Altergeist" card you control to the hand, then target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 "Altergeist" Trap in your GY; add that card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Silquitous" once per turn.')
('Smashing Horn', 'When a monster effect or Trap Card is activated that negates the Normal or Special Summon of a monster(s): Negate the activation and destroy it.')
('Photon Chargeman', "Once per turn: You can make this card's ATK become double its original ATK, until your next Standby Phase. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.")
('Micro Ray', "Target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target's DEF becomes 0 until the end of this turn.")
('Jurrac Impact', 'If you control a Dinosaur-Type monster with 2500 or more ATK: Destroy all cards on the field.')
('Shield Spear', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 400 ATK/DEF until the end of this turn.')
('The Tricky', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 card.')
("Sebek's Blessing", 'If your monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Gain the same amount of LP.')
('Myutant Ultimus', '3 Level 8 or higher "Myutant" monsters\r\nWhen a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Myutant" card from your hand, GY, or face-up field, of the same type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can add up to 3 of your banished "Myutant" cards (up to 1 each of Monster, Spell, and Trap) to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Myutant Ultimus" once per turn.')
('Synchro Soldier', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1, you can select 1 face-up Synchro Monster you control. Remove that face-up Synchro Monster you control from play and inflict 600 damage to your opponent. If you use this effect, during your next Standby Phase the removed from play monster returns to the field.')
('Backup Secretary', 'If you control a Cyberse monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Backup Secretary" once per turn this way.')
('Call of the Archfiend', 'You can target 1 Level 5 or higher Fiend monster in your GY; discard 1 Fiend monster, and if you do, Special Summon the targeted monster. You can only use this effect of "Call of the Archfiend" once per turn.')
('Metal Guardian', "A fiend guarding the treasures of the netherworld, it's most at home in the dark.")
('Eye of the Void', 'Special Summon 1 "Infernoid" monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions, but its effects are negated until the end of this turn.')
('Magistus Theurgy', 'Target 1 "Magistus" monster you control; equip it with 1 "Magistus" monster, except a Level 4 monster, from your Extra Deck, GY, or face-up field. If you have at least 1 each "Magistus" Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, and Link Monsters in your GY, you can equip it with 1 non-"Magistus" Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Monster from your Extra Deck, instead. You can only activate "Magistus Theurgy" once per turn.')
("Fiend's Mirror", 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Beastly Mirror Ritual".')
('Mind Over Matter', 'When a monster would be Normal or Special Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Tribute 1 Psychic-Type monster; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Empress of Prophecy', '2 Level 5 Spellcaster-Type monsters\nThis card gains 300 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to a monster you control. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; shuffle your Deck, then excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, destroy monsters on the field up to the number of "Spellbook" cards excavated, also, after that, place the excavated cards on the top of the Deck in any order.')
('The Creator', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard; send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon that target.')
('PSY-Framegear Delta', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player\'s turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card while you control no monsters: You can Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame Driver" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and if you do, negate that activation, and if you do that, destroy that Spell Card. During the End Phase, banish the face-up monsters Special Summoned by this effect.')
('Needle Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Cactus Fighter".')
('Adamancipator Researcher', 'If you control a Rock monster, except "Adamancipator Researcher": You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During your Main Phase: You can excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, and if you do, you can Special Summon 1 excavated Level 4 or lower non-Tuner Rock monster, also place the rest on the bottom of your Deck in any order. You can only use each effect of "Adamancipator Researcher" once per turn.')
('Elegy the Melodious Diva', 'Special Summoned "Melodious" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this card was Special Summoned, all Fairy-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK.')
('Hand-Holding Genie', 'Monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters for attacks, except this one. This card gains DEF equal to the combined original DEF of all other face-up Defense Position monsters you control.')
('Buster Whelp of the Destruction Swordsman', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Destruction Sword" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Buster Whelp of the Destruction Swordsman". You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Buster Whelp of the Destruction Swordsman" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Buster Blader" from your hand or Graveyard.\n● If this card is in your Graveyard and you control "Buster Blader": You can discard 1 "Destruction Sword" card; Special Summon this card.')
('Dragunity Knight - Gormfaobhar', '1 "Dragunity" Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 "Dragunity" Tuner in your GY; equip it to this card. (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Equip Card you control that is equipped to this card to the GY, then target up to 2 cards in your opponent\'s GY; banish them. You can only use each effect of "Dragunity Knight - Gormfaobhar" once per turn.')
('Vision HERO Gravito', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished "HERO" monsters; add it to your hand. You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Vision HERO" Monster Cards in your Spell & Trap Zone; Special Summon them. You can only use each effect of "Vision HERO Gravito" once per turn.')
('Galaxy Knight', 'If you control a "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If Summoned this way: Target 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" in your GY (if possible); regardless, this card loses 1000 ATK, and if it does, Special Summon that target (if any) in Defense Position. This ATK decrease lasts until the end of this turn.')
('Royal Prison', 'Monsters cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard.')
('Ally of Justice Quarantine', 'Neither player can Special Summon LIGHT monsters.')
('The Phantom Knights of Mist Claws', 'Target 1 of your banished "The Phantom Knights" monsters; add it to your hand. When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack while this card is in your GY: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "The Phantom Knights" monster in your GY; Special Summon that monster, and if you do, Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster with the same original Level as that monster (Warrior/DARK/ATK 0/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap.) If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field.')
('Cestus of Dagla', 'Equip only to a Fairy-Type monster. It gains 500 ATK. If it inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Gain LP equal to the damage inflicted.')
('Beast Machine King Barbaros Ur', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 Machine-Type monster and 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster from your hand, field, and/or Graveyard. If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent takes no battle damage.')
('Reverse of Neos', 'Activate only when a face-up "Neos" Fusion Monster you control is destroyed. Special Summon 1 "Elemental Hero Neos" from your Deck in Attack Position. It gains 1000 ATK and is destroyed during the End Phase of this turn.')
('Number XX: Utopic Dark Infinity', '2+ Level 10 monsters\r\nWhen a monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target that monster; Special Summon it to your field in Defense Position. You can target 1 other face-up Special Summoned monster you control; gain LP equal to its original ATK. You can only use each effect of "Number XX: Utopic Dark Infinity" once per turn.')
('Altar for Tribute', 'Select 1 monster on your side of the field and send it to the Graveyard. Increase your Life Points by an amount equal to the original ATK of the monster.')
('Cyber Dinosaur', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster from their hand (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Lonefire Blossom', 'Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 face-up Plant monster; Special Summon 1 Plant monster from your Deck.')
('Xyz Slidolphin', 'If an Xyz Monster is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If an Xyz Monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field while this card is in your GY, except the turn this card was sent to your GY (and except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 of those Xyz Monsters; attach this card to it as material. You can only use each effect of "Xyz Slidolphin" once per turn.')
('Gemini Elf', 'Elf twins that alternate their attacks.')
("Gladiator Beast's Comeback", 'Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your hand or GY, with a different Type from the monsters you control. It cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Wattrain', 'Add "Watt" cards with different names from your Deck to your hand, except "Wattrain", up to the number of Thunder monsters you control with different names. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon as many "Watt" monsters as possible with different names from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Wattrain" once per turn.')
('World Reassembly', 'Special Summon 1 "World Legacy" monster from your hand or Deck, but destroy it during the End Phase of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "World Reassembly" per turn.')
('Evenly Matched', 'At the end of the Battle Phase, if your opponent controls more cards than you do: You can make your opponent banish cards from their field face-down so they control the same number of cards as you do. If you control no cards, you can activate this card from your hand.')
('Manga Ryu-Ran', '(This card is always treated as a "Toon" card.)\nCannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 2 monsters, while you control "Toon World". Cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. You must pay 500 LP to declare an attack with this monster. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. Can attack your opponent directly, unless they control a Toon monster, in which case this card must target a Toon monster for its attacks.')
('Heroic Challenger - Double Lance', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Heroic Challenger - Double Lance" from your hand or Graveyard in face-up Defense Position. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material, except for the Xyz Summon of a Warrior-Type monster.')
("Ice Dragon's Prison", 'Target 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; Special Summon it to your field, but its effects are negated, then, you can banish 1 monster from both players\' fields that have the same Type as each other. You can only activate 1 "Ice Dragon\'s Prison" per turn.')
('Super Quantum White Layer', 'You can send 1 non-LIGHT "Super Quant" monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Super Quant" monster from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, this card\'s Attribute and Level become the same as that monster\'s. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Super Quantal Fairy Alphan" from your Deck or GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Super Quantum White Layer" once per turn.')
('Elemental HERO Solid Soldier', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "HERO" monster from your hand. If this card is sent from the Monster Zone to the GY by a Spell effect: You can target 1 "HERO" monster in your GY, except "Elemental HERO Solid Soldier"; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Elemental HERO Solid Soldier" once per turn.')
('Spell Recycler', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard; send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, return the target to the bottom of your Deck.")
('Amazing Pendulum', 'If you have no cards in your Pendulum Zones: Add 2 face-up "Magician" Pendulum Monsters with different names from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Amazing Pendulum" per turn.')
('Mist Wurm', '1 Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: Target up to 3 cards your opponent controls; return those targets to the hand.')
('Firewall Dragon Darkfluid', "3+ Effect Monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can place counters on this card equal to the number of different types of Cyberse monsters in your GY (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz). This card gains 2500 ATK for each counter on it during the Battle Phase only. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can remove 1 counter from this card; negate the activation, also, if this effect was activated between this card's attack declaration and the end of the Damage Step, this card can make another attack in a row.")
('Crackdown', 'Activate by targeting 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of that monster. While you control that monster, it cannot attack or activate effects. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.')
('Parry Knights', "When you take battle damage from an opponent's attacking monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand with ATK less than or equal to the damage you took.")
('White Magician Pikeru', 'During your Standby Phase, increase your Life Points by 400 points for each monster on your side of the field.')
('Dinomist Pteran', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf another "Dinomist" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect, you can destroy this card instead.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can add 1 "Dinomist" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Divine Dragon Ragnarok', 'A legendary dragon sent by the gods as their instrument. Legends say that if provoked, the whole world will sink beneath the sea.')
('Destiny HERO - Dasher', 'Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 other monster; this card gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase. If this card attacks, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. One time only, when you draw a Monster Card during your Draw Phase while this card is in your Graveyard: You can reveal it; Special Summon it. This card must be in the Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Servant of Endymion', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nEach time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; Special Summon both this card from your Pendulum Zone and 1 monster from your Deck with 1000 or more ATK that you can place a Spell Counter on, and if you do, place 1 Spell Counter on each.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can only Special Summon "Servant(s) of Endymion" once per turn. This card with a Spell Counter can attack directly. Once per opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card; place 1 Spell Counter on each card you control that you can place a Spell Counter on. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone, then place the same number of Spell Counters on it that it had as a monster.')
('Empress Judge', '"Queen\'s Double" + "Hibikime"')
('Mathmech Nabla', 'You can Tribute 1 Cyberse monster; Special Summon 1 "Mathmech" monster from your Deck. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 Cyberse monster you control in the Extra Monster Zone; it can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn. You can only use each effect of "Mathmech Nabla" once per turn.')
('Cross-Sheep', '2 monsters with different names\r\nIf a monster is Special Summoned to a zone this card points to: You can apply the following effects, in sequence, based on the card types of the monster(s) this card points to.\r\n● Ritual: Draw 2 cards, then discard 2 cards. ● Fusion: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your GY. ● Synchro: All monsters you control gain 700 ATK. ● Xyz: All monsters your opponent controls lose 700 ATK.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Cross-Sheep" once per turn.')
('Butterfly Dagger - Elma', 'The equipped monster gains 300 ATK. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard while equipped: You can return this card to the hand.')
('Aromage Rosemary', "While your LP are higher than your opponent's, if a Plant monster you control attacks, your opponent cannot activate monster effects until the end of the Damage Step. Once per turn, if you gain LP: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; change its battle position.")
('Red Sprinter', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned while you control no other monsters: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend-Type Tuner from your hand or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Red Sprinter" once per turn.')
('Jam Breeding Machine', 'During each of your Standby Phases: Special Summon 1 "Slime Token" (Aqua-Type/WATER/LEVEL 1/ATK 500/DEF 500) in Attack Position. You cannot Summon any monsters, except "Slime Tokens" (but you can Set).')
('Great Dragon Token', 'This card can be used as a "Dragon Lord Token".\r\n\r\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky', 'During damage calculation, you can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to prevent a "Blackwing" monster you control from being destroyed by this battle.')
('Weights & Zenmaisures', 'Target 2 face-up "Wind-Up" monsters you control with different Levels; your opponent chooses 1 of them, and the Level of the other monster becomes the same as the chosen monster\'s, until the End Phase. Then, if your opponent chose the monster with a lower Level, you can draw 1 card.')
('Intruder Alarm - Yellow Alert', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Special Summon 1 monster from your hand (but return it to the hand at the end of the Battle Phase), and if you do, while you control that face-up Summoned monster, your opponent\'s monsters cannot target other monsters for attacks. You can only activate 1 "Intruder Alarm - Yellow Alert" per turn.')
('Goblindbergh', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand, also, after that, change this card to Defense Position.')
('Shell Knight', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. If this card is destroyed by battle or sent to the GY by a card effect: You can add 1 Level 8 Rock monster from your Deck to your hand, or, if "Fossil Fusion" is in your GY, you can Special Summon it instead, also, in either case, you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same name as that card for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Shell Knight" once per turn.')
('Victory Dragon', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned. To Tribute Summon this card, you must Tribute 3 Dragon-Type monsters. If this card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their Life Points to 0, you win the Match.')
('Prufinesse, the Tactical Trapper', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can banish 1 Trap from your Deck; increase this card\'s Level by 1. You can target 1 Trap in either GY; banish it, and if you do, increase this card\'s Level by 1. If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can Set 1 of your banished Normal Traps. You can only use each effect of "Prufinesse, the Tactical Trapper" once per turn.')
('Bixi, Water of the Yang Zing', 'When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck in Attack Position, except "Bixi, Water of the Yang Zing". You can only use this effect of "Bixi, Water of the Yang Zing" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s Main Phase or Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only "Yang Zing" monsters you control (this is a Quick Effect). A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material is unaffected by Trap effects.')
('Absorb Fusion', 'Add 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your Deck to your hand, then you can apply this effect.\n● Fusion Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your hand or your side of the field.\nYou can only activate 1 "Absorb Fusion" per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, except "Gem-Knight" monsters.')
('Lightsworn Barrier', 'When a "Lightsworn" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard, then target the attacking monster; negate the attack.')
('Phantom Beast Rock-Lizard', 'If you\'re Tributing a "Phantom Beast" monster or "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts", this card can be Normal Summoned with 1 Tribute. When this card destroys a monster by battle, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by an opponent\'s card effect, inflict 2000 damage to your opponent.')
('Blizzard Falcon', 'If this card\'s current ATK is higher than its original ATK: You can inflict 1500 damage to your opponent. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. You can only use the effect of "Blizzard Falcon" once per turn.')
('Cyberdarkness Dragon', '5 "Cyberdark" Effect Monsters\r\nMust first be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Special Summoned: You can equip 1 Dragon or Machine monster from your GY to this card. Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Equip Card you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Seed of Deception', 'Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Plant-Type monster from your hand.')
('Wavering Eyes', 'Destroy as many cards in each player\'s Pendulum Zones as possible, then apply these effects, in sequence, depending on the number of cards destroyed by this effect.\n● 1 or more: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.\n● 2 or more: You can add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Main Deck to your hand.\n● 3 or more: You can banish 1 card on the field.\n● 4: You can add 1 "Wavering Eyes" from your Deck to your hand.')
("Gravekeeper's Spy", 'FLIP: Special Summon 1 "Gravekeeper\'s" monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck.')
('Adamancipator Risen - Leonite', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nDuring your Main Phase: You can excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, and if you do, you can add 1 excavated "Adamancipator" card to your hand, also place the rest on the bottom of your Deck in any order. During your opponent\'s turn, if a FIRE monster is in your GY (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Rock monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Adamancipator Risen - Leonite" once per turn.')
('Beatraptor', 'Negate the effects of monsters in the Extra Monster Zones while this card is in the Main Monster Zone. When this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Beatraptor" from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Beatraptor" once per turn.')
('Gladiator Beast Vespasius', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if your "Gladiator Beast" monster battles a monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Gladiator Beast Vespasius" once per turn. While you control this card, Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, all monsters you control gain 500 ATK. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can shuffle this card into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Vespasius".')
('Ultimate Baseball Kid', 'This card gains 1000 ATK for each face-up FIRE monster on the field, except this card. You can send 1 other face-up FIRE monster you control to the Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Cloudian - Sheep Cloud', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon 2 "Cloudian Tokens" (Fairy-Type/WATER/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon, unless it is for a "Cloudian" monster.')
('Elemental HERO Necroshade', 'Once, while this card is in the Graveyard, 1 Level 5 or higher "Elemental HERO" monster you Normal Summon can be Summoned without Tributing.')
('Boot Sector Launch', 'All "Rokket" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK/DEF.\nYou can activate 1 of these effects;\n● Special Summon up to 2 "Rokket" monsters with different names from your hand in Defense Position.\n● If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: Special Summon "Rokket" monsters with different names from your GY in Defense Position, up to the difference.\nYou can only use this effect of "Boot Sector Launch" once per turn.')
('Naturia Ladybug', 'When you Synchro Summon a "Naturia" Synchro Monster, you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. During your Main Phase, you can Tribute this card to select 1 face-up "Naturia" monster you control. It gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Dragunity Darkspear', 'Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster to select 1 Level 4 or lower Winged Beast-Type monster in your Graveyard, and Special Summon it.')
('D/D Pandora', "When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or when this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard, and you control no cards: You can draw 2 cards.")
('Graydle Impact', 'You can target 1 other "Graydle" card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. During your End Phase: You can add 1 "Graydle" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Graydle Impact" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Spirit Message "N"', 'This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board".')
('Mon Larvas', 'A further step in the evolutionary chain, it is much more powerful than "Larvas".')
('Counter Cleaner', 'Pay 500 Life Points. Remove all counters from the field.')
('Performapal Trumpanda', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can increase this card\'s Pendulum Scale by 1 (max. 12).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen your Pendulum Monster is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Trumpanda" once per turn.')
('Hieratic Dragon of Gebeb', 'When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and make its ATK and DEF 0. When this card is Tributed: Special Summon 1 "Hieratic" Normal Monster from your hand, Deck or Graveyard.')
("Umbral Horror Will o' the Wisp", 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Umbral Horror" monster you control or in your Graveyard, except this card; this card\'s Level becomes the current Level of that monster. When this Attack Position card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, and was in face-up Attack Position at the start of the Damage Step: Destroy the monster that destroyed this card.')
('Tri-Brigade Revolt', 'Special Summon a number of your Beast, Beast-Warrior, and/or Winged Beast monsters, that are banished and/or in your GY, but negate their effects, then, immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 "Tri-Brigade" Link Monster using only those monsters. You can only activate 1 "Tri-Brigade Revolt" per turn.')
('Prank-Kids Plan', 'During the Main Phase: You can activate this effect; immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 "Prank-Kids" Link Monster using "Prank-Kids" monsters you control as material. When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can banish this card from your GY; shuffle any number of "Prank-Kids" cards from your GY into the Deck, and if you do, that attacking monster loses 100 ATK for each card shuffled, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Prank-Kids Plan" once per turn.')
('Yosenju Kama 3', 'If this card is Normal Summoned, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Yosenju" monster from your hand, except "Yosenju Kama 3". When another "Yosenju" monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can add 1 "Yosenju" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Yosenju Kama 3". You can only use this effect of "Yosenju Kama 3" once per turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.')
('Elemental HERO Sunrise', '2 "HERO" monsters with different Attributes\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned. Monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each different Attribute you control. You can only use each of the following effects of "Elemental HERO Sunrise" once per turn.\r\n● If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Miracle Fusion" from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● When an attack is declared involving another "HERO" monster you control: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.')
('Noble Knight Artorigus', 'No one shall ever know the truth behind\nThat fateful day. Artorigus went forth\nTo where the brilliant sword didst lay.\n‘Twas the first of many feats so great,\nA legend through and through. We sing of him,\nArtorigus, the Noble and the brave.\n-From the Tales of the Noble Knights')
('Jizukiru, the Star Destroying Kaiju', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent\'s field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. When a card or effect is activated that targets exactly 1 card (and no other cards) (Quick Effect): You can remove 3 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; negate that effect, and if you do, you can destroy 1 card on the field.')
('Utchatzimime Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Phantasmal Lord Ultimitl Bishbaalkin".')
('Absolute End', "Activate only during your opponent's turn. This turn, the attacks from your opponent's monsters become direct attacks.")
('Miracle Flipper', 'If you control a "Miracle Flipper", you cannot Summon this card. Your opponent cannot select another face-up monster as an attack target. If this card is destroyed by battle, Special Summon it to your opponent\'s side of the field at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a Spell or Trap Card, destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.')
('Phantom Bounzer', 'If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 2 "Bounzer" cards from your Deck to your hand.')
('Slifer the Sky Dragon', "Requires 3 Tributes to Normal Summon (cannot be Normal Set). This card's Normal Summon cannot be negated. When Normal Summoned, cards and effects cannot be activated. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned: Send it to the GY. Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card in your hand. If a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your opponent's field in Attack Position: That monster(s) loses 2000 ATK, then if its ATK has been reduced to 0 as a result, destroy it.")
('Evolsaur Pelta', 'When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: It gains 500 DEF. If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster, then is destroyed by battle: You can add 1 "Evoltile" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Faith Bird', 'This long-tailed bird blinds its enemies with mystical light.')
('Madolche Fresh Sistart', '2 "Madolche" monsters\r\nWhile this card points to a "Madolche" monster, "Madolche" Spells/Traps you control cannot be destroyed by card effects, also neither player can target them with card effects. If this card on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can shuffle 1 "Madolche" monster from your GY into the Deck instead.')
('Red-Eyes Black Dragon Sword', 'Must be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos", using a Dragon monster. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 other face-up monster on the field; equip this card to it. It gains 1000 ATK, and 500 ATK/DEF for each Dragon monster on the field and in the GYs.')
('Tsukumo Slash', 'If a monster you control attacks a monster whose ATK is higher than itself during damage calculation: Your battling monster gains ATK equal to the difference between your LP and your opponent\'s, during that damage calculation only. You can only activate 1 "Tsukumo Slash" per turn.')
('Drillroid', 'Before damage calculation, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.')
('Spirit Charmers', 'Discard 1 card; take 2 cards from your Deck with different names from each other, that are "Charmer" monsters, "Familiar-Possessed" monsters, and/or "Possessed" Spells/Traps, add 1 of them to your hand, and Set the other. You can only activate 1 "Spirit Charmers" per turn.')
('Foolish Revival', "Select 1 monster from your opponent's Graveyard, and Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position on your opponent's side of the field.")
('Iron Chain Coil', 'Once per turn, you can select 1 "Iron Chain" monster you control to have it gain 300 ATK and DEF as long as this card is face-up on the field.')
('Des Feral Imp', 'FLIP: Target 1 card in your Graveyard; shuffle that target into the Deck.')
('Tentacle Plant', 'A carnivorous plant that has an outgrowth of tentacles. It attacks someone nearby by extending its tentacles.')
('Synchro Control', 'Activate only if you have no Synchro Monsters on your side of the field or in your Graveyard. Pay 1000 Life Points and select 1 face-up Synchro Monster your opponent controls. Take control of the selected monster until the End Phase of your turn.')
('Labradorite Dragon', 'The ancients compared this prized creature to moonlight rippling across water. A bringer of harmony, reminder of past glories, able to soothe the hearts of even the most ambitious men.')
("Wiseman's Chalice", "If you control no monsters, select 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard. Special Summon it. During the End Phase of this turn, give control of that Special Summoned monster to your opponent. The monster cannot be Tributed, or used as a Synchro Material Monster, while it is face-up on the field.")
('Sylvan Flowerknight', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can choose 1 "Sylvan" card from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.')
('PSY-Framelord Lambda', '2 monsters, except Tokens\r\nYou can activate the effects of "PSY-Framegear" monsters in your hand even while you control a monster(s). If a face-up Psychic monster you control is banished face-up while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can activate this effect; during the End Phase of this turn, add 1 "PSY-Frame" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "PSY-Framelord Lambda" once per turn.')
('Shield & Sword', 'Switch the original ATK and DEF of all face-up monsters currently on the field, until the end of this turn.')
('Super Vehicroid - Mobile Base', '1 "roid" Fusion Monster + 1 "roid" monster\r\nYou can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 "roid" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck with ATK less than or equal to that monster. You can only use this effect of "Super Vehicroid - Mobile Base" once per turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can target 1 "roid" monster in your Main Monster Zone (other than this card); return that monster you control to the hand, and if you do, move this card you control to that monster\'s Monster Zone.')
('Parametalfoes Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Metalfoes" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using up to 1 monster each from your hand, field, and/or among face-up Pendulum Monsters in your Extra Deck as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Parametalfoes Fusion" per turn.')
('Block Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Blockman". This Token cannot declare an attack.')
('Doyon @Ignister', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "@Ignister" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Link Summon of a Cyberse monster: You can target 1 "A.I." Spell/Trap in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Doyon @Ignister" once per turn.')
('Mandragon', 'This mandragora harbors the soul of a sorrowful dragon. The cursed tones of its wailing cause both fear and despair.')
('Dragunity Senatus', 'You can discard 1 "Dragunity" card; equip 1 Dragon "Dragunity" Tuner from your Deck to this card, also, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Dragon monsters. You can only use this effect of "Dragunity Senatus" once per turn. If a "Dragunity" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 "Dragunity" card equipped to this card, instead.')
('Morphtronic Cord', 'Equip only to a "Morphtronic" monster. Each time the equipped monster\'s battle position is changed, destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.')
('Gameciel, the Sea Turtle Kaiju', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent\'s field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. When your opponent activates a card or effect, except "Gameciel, the Sea Turtle Kaiju" (Quick Effect): You can remove 2 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card.')
('Volcanic Recharge', 'Return up to 3 "Volcanic" Monster Cards from your Graveyard to your Deck.')
('Forbidden Lance', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; until the end of this turn, that target loses 800 ATK, but is unaffected by the effects of other Spells/Traps.')
('Night Wing Sorceress', 'You can activate "Assault Mode Activate" the turn it is Set.')
('Bombardment Beetle', "FLIP: Pick up and see 1 face-down Defense Position Monster Card on your opponent's side of the field. If it is an Effect Monster, destroy it (its Flip Effect is not activated), and if the card is not, return it to its original position.")
('Lunalight Blue Cat', 'If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Lunalight" monster you control, except "Lunalight Blue Cat"; its ATK becomes double its original ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Blue Cat" once per turn. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Deck.')
('Neo Super Quantal Mech King Blaster Magna', '2+ Effect Monsters including a "Super Quant" monster\nThis Link Summoned card cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. Each time a "Super Quant" Xyz Monster(s) with a different name from the cards you control is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck to a zone(s) this card points to: Draw 1 card. If a face-up Xyz Monster(s) this card points to is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Super Quant" monster from your Deck with the same original Attribute as 1 of those destroyed Xyz Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Neo Super Quantal Mech King Blaster Magna" once per turn.')
('Xyz Veil', 'Face-up Xyz Monsters with Xyz Material cannot be targeted by card effects.')
('Six Samurai United', 'Each time a "Six Samurai" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 1 Bushido Counter on this card (max. 2). You can send this card to the GY; draw 1 card for each Bushido Counter on this card.')
('Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys', 'Once per turn, during your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the GY: Special Summon this card from the GY. If you do: Destroy all Spells and Traps on the field.')
('Chthonian Alliance', 'The equipped monster gains 800 ATK for each other face-up monster on the field that has the same name it does.')
('Lindbloom', "If a monster you control battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation: The ATK of each monster in that battle becomes equal to their current DEF, until the end of the Damage Step.")
('Mermail Abyssalacia', '2 Fish, Sea Serpent, and/or Aqua monsters\r\nMonsters this card points to gain 500 ATK/DEF. You can only use each of the following effects of "Mermail Abyssalacia" once per turn.\r\n● During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can send 1 card from your hand to the GY; add 1 "Mermail" monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s attack or card effect: You can send 1 WATER monster from your Deck to the GY, then target 1 WATER monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position.')
('Naturia Stag Beetle', 'Once per turn, during the Battle Step or Damage Step of this card\'s attack, when your opponent activates a card or effect, you can select 1 "Naturia" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard.')
('Flelf', 'Once per turn: You can reveal 1 monster in your hand; increase the Level of this card by the Level of that monster, until the End Phase.')
('Sea King Dragon', 'Protected by a tough shell, this master of the sea attacks its enemies with toxic bubbles.')
('Quiet Life', 'Activate this card at the start of your Main Phase 1, if you control no monsters. If any player Normal Summons/Sets a monster, that player cannot Special Summon that turn. If any player Special Summons a monster, that player cannot Normal Summon/Set that turn.')
('Satellarknight Sirius', 'If this card is Summoned: You can target 5 "tellarknight" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 5 into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Sirius" once per turn.')
('The Selection', 'Pay 1000 Life Points. Negate the Summon of a monster that has the same Type as a monster on the field, and destroy it.')
('Pendulum Transfer', 'Target up to 2 Pendulum Monsters you control; place those targets in your Pendulum Zone. You can only activate 1 "Pendulum Transfer" per turn.')
('Night Assailant', 'FLIP: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.\nWhen this card is sent from the hand to the Graveyard: Target 1 Flip Effect Monster in your Graveyard, except this card; return that target to the hand.')
('Meltiel, Sage of the Sky', 'Each time a Counter Trap Card is activated, immediately after it resolves, gain 1000 LP, and if you do, if "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field, destroy 1 card your opponent controls.')
('Odd-Eyes Dragon', "If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the original ATK of that monster in the Graveyard.")
('Unified Front', "Discard 1 monster, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; its ATK and DEF becomes the discarded monster's ATK and DEF, until the end of this turn. Monsters you control cannot attack directly during the turn you activate this card.")
('Monster Slots', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control and 1 monster in your Graveyard with the same Level; banish the target from the Graveyard, then draw 1 card and reveal it, then if the card you drew is a monster with the same Level as the monster on the field, Special Summon it.')
('Neo Aqua Madoor', 'The true nature of this wizard, who rules all water. It defends itself with a vast, impenetrable wall of ice.')
('Djinn Prognosticator of Rituals', 'When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your GY as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon. If you Ritual Summon using this card, if that Ritual Summoned monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent, they discard 1 card.')
('Lyrilusc - Assembled Nightingale', '2 or more Level 1 monsters\nThis card gains 200 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. This card can attack directly. While this card has Xyz Material, it can attack a number of times each Battle Phase, up to the number of Xyz Materials attached to it. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; until the end of this turn, "Lyrilusc" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also you take no battle damage.')
('Wightprince', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can send 1"Skull Servant" and 1 "The Lady in Wight" from your hand and/or Deck to the Graveyard. You can banish 2 "Skull Servants" and this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "King of the Skull Servants" from your Deck. This card\'s name becomes "Skull Servant" while it is in the Graveyard.')
('Armoroid', 'If this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing at least 1 "roid" monster: Banish all Spells and Traps on the field.')
('Toon Black Luster Soldier', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing Toon monsters from your hand or field, whose total Levels equal 8 or more. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack directly. Once per turn, if you control "Toon World": You can target 1 card on the field; banish it, also this card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated.')
('"A" Cell Recombination Device', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; send 1 "Alien" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, place A-Counters on that monster equal to the Level of the sent monster. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Alien" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Stellarknight Zefraxciton', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "tellarknight" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal, Flip or Pendulum Summoned: You can target 1 other "tellarknight" or "Zefra" card in your Monster Zone or Pendulum Zone, and 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy them. You can only use this effect of "Stellarknight Zefraxciton" once per turn.')
('Barrier Statue of the Heavens', 'No monsters can be Special Summoned, except for LIGHT monsters.')
('Trickstar Light Arena', 'If you Link Summon a "Trickstar" monster: You can target 1 "Trickstar" monster in your GY that was used as its material; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Light Arena" once per turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card in your opponent\'s Spell & Trap Zone; while this card is in the Field Zone, that Set card cannot be activated until the End Phase, and your opponent must activate it during the End Phase or else return it to the hand.')
('Lightpulsar Dragon', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your GY. You can Special Summon this card (from your GY) by sending 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your hand to the GY. When this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher DARK Dragon monster in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Left-Hand Shark', 'If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: It becomes Level 4. You can only use each of the following effects of "Left-Hand Shark" once per turn. If you control "Right-Hand Shark", while this card is in your hand or GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using only WATER monsters, including this card on the field, as material gains this effect.\n● Cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Chronomaly Sol Monolith', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 "Chronomaly" monster you control; its Level becomes 6. You cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except "Chronomaly" monsters.')
('Time Thief Bezel Ship', '(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Time Thief" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 card from your opponent\'s GY to that monster as material. If this card is in the GY: You can detach 1 material from an Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Time Thief Bezel Ship" once per turn.')
('Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf', '2 FIRE Effect Monsters\r\nIf a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to the zone(s) this card points to (except during the Damage Step): You can add 1 FIRE monster from your GY to your hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon monsters with the added monster\'s name. During your Main Phase, if you control this card that was Link Summoned using "Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf" as material: You can add 1 "Salamangreat" Spell/Trap from your GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf" once per turn.')
('Goggle Golem', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect:\n● The original ATK of this card becomes 2100.')
('Adamancipator Crystal - Dragite', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Adamancipator" card: You can draw 1 card. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 WATER Synchro Monster you control or in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck, and if you do, place this card on top of the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Adamancipator Crystal - Dragite" once per turn.')
('Mekk-Knight Green Horizon', 'If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Green Horizon" once per turn this way. When an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent\'s monster in this card\'s column: You can target 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster in your GY; add it to your hand.')
('Bait Doll', 'Target 1 Set card in the Spell & Trap Card Zone; reveal that target, force its activation if it is a Trap Card, then negate its effect if the activation timing is incorrect, and if you do, destroy it. (If it is not a Trap Card, return it face-down.) When this card resolves, shuffle it into the Deck instead of sending it to the Graveyard.')
('Heroic Challenger - Assault Halberd', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can add 1 "Heroic" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('The Traveler and the Burning Abyss', 'Target any number of "Burning Abyss" monsters in your Graveyard that were sent there this turn; Special Summon them in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "The Traveler and the Burning Abyss" per turn.')
('Kanan the Swordmistress', 'A lady warrior armed with sword and shield, she floats lightly and stings sharply.')
('Wicked Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Statue of the Wicked".')
('Javelin Beetle', 'This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Javelin Beetle Pact".')
('Cloudian - Storm Dragon', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 "Cloudian" monster from your Graveyard. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. Once per turn, you can place 1 Fog Counter on 1 monster on the field.')
('Abyss Flower', 'A rarely seen flower that blossoms quietly on the edge of darkness.')
('Summoner of Illusions', 'FLIP: Tribute 1 other monster, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, but destroy it during the End Phase of this turn.')
('Dante, Pilgrim of the Burning Abyss', '3 "Burning Abyss" monsters with different names\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be targeted by an opponent\'s card effects. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can send 1 "Burning Abyss" card from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 1 card. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card you control is sent to your Graveyard by an opponent\'s card effect: You can send 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand to the Graveyard.')
('Creature Swap', 'Each player chooses 1 monster they control and switches control of those monsters with each other. Those monsters cannot change their battle positions for the rest of this turn.')
('Number 58: Burner Visor', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. The equipped monster can attack your opponent directly. When the equipped monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can discard 1 card; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Majespecter Unicorn - Kirin', 'During either player\'s turn: You can target 1 Pendulum Monster in your Monster Zone and 1 monster your opponent controls; return them to the hand(s). You can only use this effect of "Majespecter Unicorn - Kirin" once per turn. Cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects.')
('Zoodiac Thoroughblade', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can discard 1 "Zoodiac" card, and if you do, draw 1 card. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Beast-Warrior and has this card as Xyz Material gains this effect.\r\n● If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Starlight Road', 'When a card or effect is activated that would destroy 2 or more cards you control: Negate the effect, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can Special Summon 1 "Stardust Dragon" from your Extra Deck.')
('Number 77: The Seven Sins', '2 Level 12 monsters\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 10 or 11 DARK Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) If Summoned this way, the following effect cannot be activated this turn. Once per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; banish as many Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls as possible, then attach 1 of those banished monsters to this card as Xyz Material. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead.')
('Different Dimension Ground', 'This turn, any monster sent to the GY is banished instead.')
('Quaking Mirror Force', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Change all your opponent's Attack Position monsters to face-down Defense Position. Monsters changed to face-down Defense Position by this effect cannot change their battle positions.")
('Great Shogun Shien', 'If you control 2 or more face-up "Six Samurai" monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Your opponent can only activate 1 Spell/Trap Card each turn. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy a face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.')
('Jet Warrior', '"Jet Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can Tribute 1 Level 2 or lower monster; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Jet Warrior" once per turn.')
('Shining Friendship', 'The peacemaker among monsters.')
('Magicalibra', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can declare a Level from 1 to 6, then target 2 face-up monsters you control; until the end of this turn, reduce the Level of 1 of those monsters by the declared amount, and if you do, increase the Level of the other by the same amount (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Magicalibra" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nA sentient scale. It maintains the balance of the universe, but often places the stars on the wrong side.')
('Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab', 'Gains 400 ATK for each Spell/Trap your opponent controls.')
('Wind-Up Carrier Zenmaity', '2 Level 3 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Wind-Up" monster from your hand or Deck. When a face-up "Wind-Up" monster on the field is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target that monster; return that target to the hand.')
('Number 42: Galaxy Tomahawk', '2 Level 7 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; Special Summon as many "Battle Eagle Tokens" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 6/ATK 2000/DEF 0) as possible, destroy them during the End Phase of this turn, also your opponent takes no further battle damage this turn.')
('Spellstone Sorcerer Karood', "Once per turn, when another Monster Card's effect is activated while there is no Spellstone Counter on this card, place 1 Spellstone Counter on this card (max. 1). This card gains 300 DEF for each Spellstone Counter on it. Once per turn, you can remove 1 Spellstone Counter from your side of the field to select 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard, and remove that card from play.")
('Junkuriboh', 'When your opponent activates a card or effect that would inflict damage to you (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Nine-Lives Cat', '2 Level 9 monsters\r\nYour opponent cannot target other monsters you control, that were Special Summoned from the GY, with card effects. You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 Level 9 monster in your GY or 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Nine-Lives Cat" once per turn.')
('Hazy Flame Griffin', 'If your opponent controls a monster, and all the monsters (if any) on your side of the field and in your Graveyard are FIRE (and only FIRE), you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects.')
('Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo', '3 Level 8 monsters\nOnce per turn, if you have no cards in your Spell & Trap Card Zone: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, and if you do, place 1 Destiny Counter on this card. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. When 3 Destiny Counters are on this card, you win the Duel.')
('Parrot Dragon', "A dragon from the cartoons that's more dangerous than it appears to be.")
('Dark Magic Expanded', 'Apply these effects in sequence, based on the number of "Dark Magician" and/or "Dark Magician Girl" on the field and in the GYs.\r\n● 1+: 1 DARK Spellcaster monster on the field gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.\r\n● 2+: This turn, your opponent cannot activate cards and effects in response to your Spell/Trap Card or effect activation, also Spells/Traps you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects.\r\n● 3+: DARK Spellcaster monsters you currently control are unaffected by your opponent\'s card effects, until the end of this turn.')
('Nimble Beaver', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Nimble" monster from your Deck or GY.')
('Wasteland', 'All Dinosaur, Zombie, and Rock monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF.')
('Performapal Helpprincess', 'When you Normal or Special Summon a "Performapal" monster(s), except "Performapal Helpprincess" (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Bladefly', 'As long as this card remains face-up on the field, increase the ATK of all WIND monsters by 500 points and decrease the ATK of all EARTH monsters by 400 points.')
("Ancient Warriors Saga - A Man's Honor", 'If an "Ancient Warriors" monster(s) would be destroyed by battle, you can send this card to the GY instead. You can only use each of the following effects of "Ancient Warriors Saga - A Man\'s Honor" once per turn. If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): You can Special Summon 1 "Ancient Warriors Dragoon Token" (Beast-Warrior/WIND/Level 1/ATK 500/DEF 500). When a card or effect is activated that targets an "Ancient Warriors" monster(s) on the field: You can banish this card from your GY; negate the activation.')
('Pot of Disparity', 'Banish 3 or 6 cards from your Extra Deck, face-down; excavate cards from the top of your Deck equal to the number banished, add 1 of them to your hand, also place the rest on the bottom of your Deck in any order. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, any damage your opponent takes is halved. You cannot draw any cards by card effects the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Pot of Disparity" per turn.')
('Spell-Stopping Statute', 'Activate only when your opponent activates a Continuous Spell Card. Negate the activation and the effect of the card and destroy it.')
("Gladiator Beast's Battle Manica", 'Equip only to a "Gladiator Beast" monster. It cannot be destroyed by battle (Damage calculation is applied normally). When the equipped monster is returned from your side of the field to the Deck and this card is sent to the Graveyard, return this card to your hand.')
('Sea Kamen', 'A merciless monster that tears opponents to shreds with razor-like claws.')
('Super War-Lion', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "War-Lion Ritual".')
('Z-ONE', 'When this Set card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, select 1 Continuous Spell or Field Spell Card in your Graveyard, and add it to your hand.')
('Silent Paladin', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Silent Swordsman LV3" or "Silent Magician LV4" from your Deck to your hand. During either player\'s turn, when a Spell Card is activated that targets exactly 1 monster you control (and no other cards): You can negate the activation. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can target 1 LIGHT "LV" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.')
('Vylon Matter', 'Select 3 Equip Spell Cards in your Graveyard. Return them to the Deck and apply 1 of these effects: ● Draw 1 card. ● Destroy 1 card your opponent controls.')
('Lucky Pied Piper', "This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect:\n● When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.")
('Paladin of Armored Dragon', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Armored Dragon Ritual". At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: You can shuffle that monster into the Deck. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher WIND Dragon monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use each effect of "Paladin of Armored Dragon" once per turn.')
('Wall Shadow', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned with "Magical Labyrinth".')
('Sylvan Lotuswain', 'Once per turn: You can excavate a number of cards from the top of your Deck, equal to the number of cards your opponent controls, send any excavated Plant-Type monsters to the Graveyard, also place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target up to 5 "Sylvan" cards in your Graveyard, except "Sylvan Lotuswain"; place them on the bottom of your Deck in any order.')
('Dueltaining', 'For each player, the first time they do each of the following per turn, they draw 2 cards.\r\n● Special Summon 5 monsters with different Levels at the same time.\r\n● 1 monster they control battles 5 times.\r\n● Activate a card or effect as Chain Link 5 or higher.\r\n● Roll 1 six-sided die, or toss a coin, 5 times.\r\n● Take damage that made their LP 500 or less.')
('Six Strike - Triple Impact', 'If you control 3 or more face-up "Six Samurai" monsters, you can activate 1 of these effects:\n● Destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls.\n● Destroy all face-up Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls.\n● Destroy all Set Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls.')
('Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can place 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n2 Level 7 Dragon-Type monsters\r\nIf you can Pendulum Summon Level 7, you can Pendulum Summon this face-up card in your Extra Deck. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place it in your Pendulum Zone. If this card is Xyz Summoned using an Xyz Monster as Material, it gains these effects.\r\n● It can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.\r\n● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy as many cards your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK for each, until the end of this turn.')
('Fish Depth Charge', 'Tribute 1 Fish-Type monster to target 1 card on the field; destroy that target, and if you do, draw 1 card.')
('Wattjustment', 'Equip only to a Level 3 or lower Thunder-Type monster. It gains 800 ATK, also its effects are negated. Each time it inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Draw 1 card.')
('Sophia, Goddess of Rebirth', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 face-up Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Monster from anywhere on the field, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's Special Summon cannot be negated. When this card is Special Summoned: Banish all other cards from both players' hands, fields, and Graveyards. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this effect's activation.")
('Crop Circles', 'Send any number of monsters from your side of the field to the Graveyard to activate this card. Select from your Deck 1 "Alien" monster whose Level is equal to the total Levels of the sent monsters, and Special Summon it. If you fail to find a monster to Special Summon, you take 2000 damage.')
('Tongyo', 'This monster captures other fish with its long tongue and sucks the energy out of them.')
('Deck Lockdown', 'Neither player can add cards from the Deck to their hand except by drawing them. Monsters cannot be Special Summoned from the Main Deck. Destroy this card during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation.')
('Masked HERO Vapor', 'Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change". Cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Fusilier Dragon, the Dual-Mode Beast', 'You can Normal Summon/Set this card without Tributing, but its original ATK and DEF become halved.')
('Dark Deal', 'When your opponent activates a Normal Spell Card: Pay 1000 Life Points; the effect of that Normal Spell Card becomes "Your opponent discards 1 random card".')
('Physical Double', 'During your opponent\'s turn: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 "Mirage Token" with the same Level, Type, Attribute, ATK, and DEF as that target. Destroy this Token during the End Phase.')
('Major Riot', "You can activate this card when 1 or more of your monsters are returned from the field to your hand by your opponent's effect. Return all Monster Cards on the field to your respective hands. Both you and your opponent then Special Summon from your hand the same number of Monster Cards on the field in face-down Defense Position.")
('W Nebula Meteorite', 'Change all face-down monsters on the field to face-up Defense Position. During the End Phase this turn, change all face-up LIGHT Reptile-Type monsters you control to face-down Defense Position, then draw 1 card for each. After that, you can Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher LIGHT Reptile-Type monster from your Deck.')
("Enma's Judgment", 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): Destroy it, then you can banish 5 Zombie monsters from your GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher Zombie monster from your hand or Deck.')
('Subterror Behemoth Stalagmo', 'FLIP: You can discard 1 "Subterror" monster, and if you do, draw 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Stalagmo" once per turn.\r\nWhen a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.')
('Royal Knight', 'When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, gain Life Points equal to the DEF of the destroyed monster.')
('Xyz Reflect', 'When a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect is activated that targets a face-up Xyz Monster(s) on the field: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then inflict 800 damage to your opponent.')
('Dinowrestler Eskrimamenchi', 'If you control a "Dinowrestler" monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. During your turn, if your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Dinowrestler" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then add this card to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Eskrimamenchi" once per turn.')
('Yubel - Terror Incarnate', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Yubel", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. Before damage calculation, when this face-up Attack Position card is attacked by an opponent\'s monster: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster\'s ATK. During your End Phase: Destroy all other monsters on the field. When this face-up card leaves the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.')
('Shinobaron Peacock', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Shinobird\'s Calling". Must be Ritual Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can return up to 3 monsters your opponent controls to the hand, then you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Spirit monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 2 "Shinobird Tokens" (Winged Beast-Type/WIND/Level 4/ATK 1500/DEF 1500).')
('Mythical Beast Bashilisk', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy this card, and if you do, shuffle 1 face-up Spellcaster Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck into the Deck, except "Mythical Beast Basilisk", then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Bashilisk" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nEach time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. You can remove 3 Spell Counters from your field; return 1 "Mythical Beast" card from your Pendulum Zone or face-up from your Extra Deck to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Bashilisk" once per turn.')
('Checksum Dragon', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then, gain LP equal to half this card's DEF. This Attack Position card cannot be destroyed by battle.")
('Megazowler', 'Nothing stands in the way of this spike-covered dinosaur!')
('Spirit Elimination', 'When monsters in the Graveyard are removed from play, remove monsters on your side of the field from play as substitutes. This card remains active until the end of the turn that it is activated. The substitutes remain removed from play.')
('Flash Charge Dragon', '2+ Dragon monsters\r\nYou cannot Summon/Set monsters to a zone this card points to. Once per turn, if a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, to a zone(s) this card points to (except during the Damage Step): You can destroy 1 monster this card points to, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. When a card or effect is activated that targets this face-up card (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 monster; negate the activation. ')
('Cataclysmic Scorching Sunburner', 'If a face-up FIRE monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then, you can inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the ATK of 1 of those destroyed FIRE monsters in your GY. You can only use this effect of "Cataclysmic Scorching Sunburner" once per turn.')
('Lightning Vortex', 'Discard 1 card; destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls.')
('Lunalight Emerald Bird', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Lunalight" card from your hand to the GY, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target 1 of your Level 4 or lower "Lunalight" monsters that is banished or in your GY, except "Lunalight Emerald Bird"; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can only use each effect of "Lunalight Emerald Bird" once per turn.')
('Advance Zone', 'Once per turn, during the End Phase of any turn in which you Tribute Summoned a monster(s): You can apply these effects, in sequence, based on the number of monsters you Tributed for Tribute Summons this turn.\n● 1 or more: Destroy 1 Set card your opponent controls.\n● 2 or more: Draw 1 card.\n● 3 or more: Add 1 monster from your Graveyard to your hand.')
('Gouki Jet Ogre', '2 "Gouki" monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 "Gouki" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, change all monsters on the field to face-up Attack Position. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can make all "Gouki" monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Gouki Jet Ogre" once per turn.')
('Luminous Dragon Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Paladin of Photon Dragon". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal exactly 4. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; banish monsters from your Graveyard whose total Levels equal exactly 4, and Special Summon 1 "Paladin of Photon Dragon" from your hand after that. (This Special Summon is treated as a Ritual Summon.)')
('Transcendent Wings', 'Send 1 face-up or face-down "Winged Kuriboh" you control and 2 cards from your hand to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Winged Kuriboh LV10" from your hand or Deck.')
('The Fabled Catsith', 'When this card is discarded to the Graveyard, select 1 face-up card on the field, and destroy it.')
('Two Thousand Needles', 'When this Defense Position card is attacked and the ATK of the attacking monster is lower than the DEF of this card, destroy the attacking monster at the end of the Damage Step.')
('Tribute to the Doomed', 'Discard 1 card, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy it.')
('F.A. Dawn Dragster', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nGains ATK equal to its Level x 300. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase this card\'s Level by 1. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card or effect (Quick Effect): You can reduce this card\'s Level by 2, and if you do, negate the activation, and if you do that, destroy that card.')
('Engine Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Fiendish Engine Ω".')
('Bye Bye Damage', 'During damage calculation, if your monster is attacked: Your battling monster cannot be destroyed by that battle, also if you take battle damage from that battle, your opponent takes effect damage equal to double that amount. You can only apply this effect of "Bye Bye Damage" once per turn.')
('Annihilator Archfiend', 'You can target 1 card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them, and if you destroyed a face-up Fiend monster(s) by this effect, this card gains ATK equal to half the Fiend monster(s)\'s original ATK, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Annihilator Archfiend" once per turn.')
("Battlin' Boxing Spirits", 'Send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Battlin\' Boxer" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Battlin\' Boxing Spirits" per turn.')
('Giant Kozaky', 'If there is no face-up "Kozaky" on the field, destroy this card. If this face-up card is destroyed, inflict damage equal to the original ATK of this card to its current controller.')
("Rank-Up-Magic Raptor's Force", 'If a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster was destroyed and sent to the Graveyard this turn while you controlled it: Target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Raidraptor" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon.)')
('Cloudian - Altus', 'This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. When you Normal Summon this card, place 1 Fog Counter on it for each "Cloudian" monster on the field. You can remove 3 Fog Counters from anywhere on the field to discard 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand.')
('Little Fairy', "Up to twice per turn: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; increase this card's Level by 1.")
('Botanical Lion', 'This card gains 300 ATK for each Plant-Type monster you control. Control of this face-up card on the field cannot switch.')
('Order to Smash', 'Target 1 Level 2 or lower non-Token Normal Monster you control; Tribute that Normal Monster, and if you do, destroy up to 2 Spells/Traps your opponent controls.')
('Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy', '2+ Zombie monsters\r\nSynchro Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. FIRE monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle. During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 of your banished Zombie Synchro Monsters; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy" once per turn.')
('SIMM Tablir', 'You can reveal this card in your hand, then target 1 Level 4 Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand to your zone a linked Link Monster you control points to, and if you do, return the targeted monster to the hand. You can only use this effect of "SIMM Tablir" once per turn.')
('Fire King High Avatar Garunix', 'During the next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. When you do: Destroy all other monsters on the field. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Fire King" monster from your Deck, except "Fire King High Avatar Garunix".')
('Elemental HERO Neos Alius', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the GY. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\r\n● This card\'s name becomes "Elemental HERO Neos" while on the field.')
('Giant Turtle Who Feeds on Flames', 'A crimson-shelled tortoise that feeds on flames.')
('Jelly Cannon', 'When a monster declares an attack: Target 1 monster on the field; shuffle it into the Deck.')
('Aye-Iron', 'Once per turn: You can have this card gain 400 ATK. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.')
('Subterror Nemesis Defender', "During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets exactly 1 Set monster you control (and no other cards), or when a Set monster you control is targeted for an attack by an opponent's monster: You can send this card from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard, then target another monster you control that would be an appropriate target; that card/effect/attack now targets the new target. While you control a Set monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.")
('Sphere Kuriboh', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can send this card from your hand to the GY; change the attacking monster to Defense Position. When you Ritual Summon, you can banish this card from your GY as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon.")
('Vision HERO Vyon', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "HERO" monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Vision HERO Vyon" once per turn. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "HERO" monster from your GY; add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Trident Warrior', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 monster from your hand.')
('Pikari @Ignister', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "A.I." Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 "@Ignister" monster you control; its Level becomes 4 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Pikari @Ignister" once per turn.')
('Fabled Soulkius', 'If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send 2 cards, except "Fabled Soulkius", from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Majestic Mech - Goryu', 'You can Tribute Summon (but not Set) this card with 1 Tribute. If Summoned this way, during the End Phase: Send it to the Graveyard. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Staring Contest', "When you Special Summon a monster to the Extra Monster Zone: You can target 1 monster in your opponent's Main Monster Zone; move that target to their zone in the same column as that Extra Monster Zone monster. When your opponent Special Summons a monster to the Extra Monster Zone: You can target 1 monster in your Main Monster Zone; move that target to your zone in the same column as that Extra Monster Zone monster. These effects cannot be activated in the Damage Step.")
('Call of the Grave', 'When your opponent activates "Monster Reborn": Negate the effect of that "Monster Reborn".')
("Gravedigger's Trap Hole", "When your opponent activates a monster effect in their hand or GY, or when your opponent's banished monster effect is activated: Negate its effect, and if you do, inflict 2000 damage to your opponent.")
('Elemental HERO Darkbright', '"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Necroshade"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step. If this card is destroyed: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Naturia Stinkbug', 'When a face-up "Naturia" monster you control is selected as an attack target, you can send this face-up card you control to the Graveyard to negate that attack and end the Battle Phase.')
('Evolsaur Vulcano', 'When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: You can target 1 "Evolsaur" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. It cannot declare an attack.')
('Escape from the Dark Dimension', 'Target 1 of your banished DARK monsters; Special Summon that target. When this card leaves the field, destroy that target, and if you do, banish it. When that target is destroyed, destroy this card.')
("Guardian Kay'est", 'Cannot be Summoned unless you control a face-up "Rod of Silence - Kay\'est". This card is unaffected by Spell effects and cannot be targeted for attacks, but does not prevent your opponent from attacking you directly.')
('Graceful Charity', 'Draw 3 cards, then discard 2 cards.')
('Hero Mask', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; send 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, that target\'s name becomes the sent monster\'s name, until the End Phase.')
('Dark Catapulter', 'During your Standby Phase, if this card is in Defense Position, put 1 counter on this card. You can remove from play a number of card(s) in your Graveyard equal to the number of counters on this card to destroy that many Spell or Trap Card(s) on the field. Then remove all counter(s) from this card.')
('Code Radiator', 'If a Cyberse monster you control would be used as Link Material for a "Code Talker" monster, this card in your hand can also be used as material. If this card is sent from the hand or field to the GY as material for the Link Summon of a "Code Talker" monster: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK 0, also negate its effects. If this card on the field was used as material, you can target 2 monsters, instead. You can only use each effect of "Code Radiator" once per turn.')
('Melffy Pony', 'If your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step), or this card is targeted for an attack by an opponent\'s monster: You can return this card to the hand, then you can add 1 Level 2 or lower Beast monster from your GY to your hand, except "Melffy Pony". During your End Phase: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Melffy Pony" once per turn.')
('Great Moth', 'This monster cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by Tributing "Petit Moth" during your 4th turn after "Petit Moth" has been equipped with "Cocoon of Evolution".')
('Firewall', "When your opponent declares a direct attack, you can negate that monster's attack by removing from play 1 Pyro-Type monster in your Graveyard. Pay 500 Life Points during each of your Standby Phases. If you do not, destroy this card.")
('Torrential Reborn', 'When a face-up WATER monster you control is destroyed by battle or by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon the monsters destroyed and sent from the field to your Graveyard at that time, then inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each of those Special Summoned monsters. You can only activate 1 "Torrential Reborn" per turn.')
('Jowgen the Spiritualist', 'You can discard 1 random card from your hand to the Graveyard; destroy all Special Summoned monsters on the field. Neither player can Special Summon monsters.')
('Two-Man Cell Battle', "During each player's End Phase, the turn player can Special Summon 1 Level 4 Normal Monster from their hand.")
('Enlightenment', "You cannot Summon the turn you activate this card. Activate at the end of the Damage Step, if a Spellcaster-Type monster you control attacked and destroyed an opponent's monster by battle. That monster can attack again (immediately).")
('Alien Shocktrooper', 'The Aliens have used a mysterious biological substance to create a supreme race of soldiers. They do not have the natural powers of the other Aliens, but can make stunning physical attacks.')
('Arcana Force VII - The Chariot', "When this card is Summoned, toss a coin:\n● Heads: If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can Special Summon that monster to your side of the field.\n● Tails: Your opponent gains control of this card.")
('Dragon Dowser', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or when this card you control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 EARTH Pendulum Monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Dragon Dowser" once per turn.')
('Ryu-Ran', 'A vicious little dragon sheltered in an egg that looks deceptively harmless.')
('Water Dragon Cluster', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with the effect of a "Bonding" Spell/Trap. If this card is Special Summoned: You can activate this effect; Effect Monsters your opponent currently controls cannot activate their effects for the rest of this turn, also change their ATK to 0 until the end of this turn. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 2 "Water Dragon" from your hand and/or Deck in Defense Position, ignoring their Summoning conditions.')
('World Legacy Bestowal', 'Activate 1 of the following effects.\r\n● Send 1 Link Monster your opponent controls to the GY.\r\n● Banish 7 "World Legacy" cards from your GY; add 1 Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "World Legacy Bestowal" per turn.')
('Spell Calling', 'When this face-down card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by the effect of a Spell or Trap Card controlled by your opponent, select 1 Quick-Play Spell Card from your Deck and Set it after showing it to your opponent.')
('Bujintei Kagutsuchi', '2 Level 4 Beast-Warrior-Type monsters\nWhen this card is Xyz Summoned: Send the top 5 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard (or your entire Deck, if less than 5), also this card gains 100 ATK for each "Bujin" card sent to the Graveyard by this effect. If a "Bujin" Beast-Warrior-Type monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or by card effect, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead of destroying 1 of those monsters. You can only control 1 "Bujintei Kagutsuchi".')
('Ritual of Grace', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Divine Grace - Northwemko". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 7 or more from the field or your hand. During your Main Phase, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard to make 1 face-up Ritual Monster you control become un-targetable by effects this turn.')
('Toy Vendor', 'Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; draw 1 card and show it, then if it is a "Fluffal" monster, you can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand. Otherwise, discard the card you drew. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Edge Imp Sabres" or 1 "Fluffal" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Krebons', 'When this card is targeted for an attack: You can pay 800 LP; negate the attack.')
('Megalith Bethor', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with a "Megalith" card. You can discard this card; Ritual Summon 1 "Megalith" Ritual Monster from your hand, by Tributing monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed its Level. If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can target cards your opponent controls, up to the number of Ritual Monsters with different names in your GY; destroy them. You can only use each effect of "Megalith Bethor" once per turn.')
('Monster Eye', 'You can pay 1000 Life Points; add 1 "Polymerization" from your Graveyard to your hand.')
('Amorphous Persona', 'All "Amorphage" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK and DEF. Up to twice per turn, if an "Amorphage" monster(s) you control is Tributed, draw 1 card. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Tribute Pendulum Monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels exactly equal 8, then Ritual Summon 1 "Amorphactor Pain, the Imagination Dracoverlord" from your hand.')
('Dimension Slice', 'When a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field (except during the Damage Step): Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; banish that target. If the Summon is an Xyz Summon, you can activate this card the turn it was Set.')
('Hieratic Dragon of Tefnuit', 'If only your opponent controls a monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). This card cannot attack during the turn it is Special Summoned this way. When this card is Tributed: Special Summon 1 Dragon Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or GY, but make its ATK/DEF 0.')
('Archfiend Soldier', "An expert at battle who belongs to a crack diabolical unit. He's famous because he always gets the job done.")
('Wattcube', 'Equip only to a Thunder-Type monster. It gains 100 ATK for each Thunder-Type monster in your Graveyard. You can send this face-up card from the field to the Graveyard to have 1 face-up Thunder-Type monster you control gain 1000 ATK.')
('Shaddoll Core', 'Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Spellcaster/DARK/Level 9/ATK 1450/DEF 1950). (This card is also still a Trap.) If Summoned this way, you can substitute this monster for 1 Fusion Material that lists an Attribute, on a "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster Card. If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap in your GY, except "Shaddoll Core"; add it to your hand.')
('Goblin Zombie', 'If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Send the top card of their Deck to the GY. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: Add 1 Zombie monster with 1200 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.')
('Spellbook of Life', 'Banish 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your Graveyard and reveal 1 other "Spellbook" Spell Card in your hand to target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Attack Position and equip it with this card. The equipped monster\'s Level is increased by the Level of the monster that was banished for this card\'s activation. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Life" per turn.')
('Mist Valley Shaman', 'Once per turn, you can return 1 other monster you control to the hand, to have this card gain 500 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Destiny End Dragoon', '"Destiny HERO - Plasma" + "Destiny HERO - Dogma"\r\nA Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, and if it was face-up, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK it had on the field. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 "Destiny HERO" card from your GY; Special Summon this card.')
('Infernal Incinerator', 'This card can only be Normal Summoned or Set by discarding all other card(s) in your hand and Tributing 1 card you control with 2000 or more ATK. This card gains 200 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. This card loses 500 ATK for each other monster you control.')
('Seal, Strategist Fur Hire', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Seal, Strategist Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster "Fur Hire" in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Seal, Strategist Fur Hire" once per turn.')
('Cloudian Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Cloudian - Sheep Cloud". This Token cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon, unless it is for a "Cloudian" monster.')
('Reeze, Whirlwind of Gusto', 'Once per turn: You can return 1 card from your hand to the bottom of the Deck to target 1 monster your opponent controls and 1 face-up "Gusto" monster you control; switch control of both monsters.')
("Wolf in Sheep's Clothing", "Activate only when you take Battle Damage from your opponent's monster's direct attack. Reveal 1 Level 1 monster in your hand. Special Summon it from your hand, and 1 monster with the same name from your Deck.")
('Fairy of the Fountain', 'This fairy protects a fountain from any who seek to muddy its waters.')
('Knightmare Corruptor Iblee', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon it to your field so it points to this card, but change its ATK to 0, also negate its effects. You cannot Special Summon monsters, except Link Monsters. If this card in its owner\'s control is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card to your opponent\'s field in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Knightmare Corruptor Iblee" once per turn.')
('Scrounging Goblin', 'If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: They can hand you 1 card from their hand to negate this effect, otherwise you add 1 "Goblin" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Goblin Fan".')
('Reinforcement of the Army', 'Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Phantom Cricket', "FLIP: Return 1 face-down monster from the field to the top of its owner's Deck.")
('Mist Body', 'The equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Double Hero Attack', 'If you control a Fusion Monster that lists "Elemental HERO Neos" as material: Target 1 "HERO" Fusion Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only activate 1 "Double Hero Attack" per turn.')
('Yang Zing Prana', 'This card gains these effects, based on the number of different Attributes the "Yang Zing" monsters in your Graveyard have.\n● 2 or more: All "Yang Zing" monsters you control gain 500 ATK.\n● 3 or more: If a "Yang Zing" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can send this card to the Graveyard instead.\n● 4 or more: Your opponent cannot Set monsters. Change all face-up monsters your opponent controls to Attack Position.\n● 5 or more: You can send this card to the Graveyard; destroy all cards on the field.')
('Dual Assembwurm', 'If this card is in your hand or GY: You can banish 2 other Cyberse monsters from your hand and/or face-up from your field; Special Summon this card, but its ATK becomes halved. You can only use this effect of "Dual Assembwurm" once per turn. Once per turn: You can banish 1 card from your hand; banish 1 monster on the field with ATK less than or equal to this card\'s.')
('Evil Eye Defeat', 'If you control an "Evil Eye" monster: Target 1 monster on the field, or up to 2 instead if "Evil Eye of Selene" is in your Spell & Trap Zone; return them to the hand. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Defeat" per turn.')
('Gimmick Puppet Nightmare', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control. You can only Special Summon "Gimmick Puppet Nightmare" once per turn this way. When you do: You can Special Summon 1 "Gimmick Puppet Nightmare" from your hand or Graveyard. If this card is Special Summoned, you cannot Special Summon any monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Gimmick Puppet" monsters.')
('Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow', 'During either player\'s Damage Step, when a "Blackwing" monster you control is attacking or being attacked: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; that monster gains 1400 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Paleozoic Marrella', 'Send 1 Trap from your Deck to the GY. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Morphtronic Map', 'Each time a monster\'s battle position is changed, place 1 Morph Counter on this card. All "Morphtronic" monsters gain 300 ATK for each Morph Counter on this card. When this card is destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your Graveyard.')
('Diplexer Chimera', '2 Cyberse monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can Tribute 1 Cyberse monster; Spell/Trap Cards, and their effects, cannot be activated during the Battle Phase of this turn. If this Fusion Summoned card is sent to your GY: You can target 1 "Cynet Fusion" and 1 Cyberse monster in your GY, except this card; add them to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Diplexer Chimera" once per turn.')
('Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. Up to twice per turn, when this attacking card destroys a monster by battle: You can discard 1 Machine monster; this card can attack again in a row. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, add 1 other "Ancient Gear" monster from your GY to your hand.')
('Naturia Marron', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Naturia" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. Once per turn: You can target 2 "Naturia" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle both those targets into the Deck, then draw 1 card.')
('Winged Sage Falcos', "When this card destroys an opponent's face-up Attack Position monster by battle and sends it to their Graveyard: You can place that monster on top of their Deck.")
('Dragonmaid Tinkhec', 'Cannot be destroyed by card effects while you control a Fusion Monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dragonmaid Tinkhec" once per turn.\r\n● (Quick Effect): You can discard this card, then target 1 "Dragonmaid" monster you control; it gains 2000 ATK until the end of this turn.\r\n● At the end of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 3 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand.')
('Elemental Recharge', 'Gain 1000 Life Points for each face-up "Elemental HERO" monster you control.')
('Adreus, Keeper of Armageddon', '2 Level 5 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Cupid Dunk', "Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster, unless that monster has a higher Level. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can increase this card's Level by 1.")
('Photon Leo', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can have your opponent shuffle their entire hand into the Deck, then they draw the same number of cards as they shuffled into the Deck.')
('Ally of Justice Rudra', 'If this card battles a LIGHT monster, it gains 700 ATK during the Damage Step only.')
('That Grass Looks Greener', 'If you have more cards in your Deck than your opponent does: Send cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard so you have the same number of cards in the Deck as your opponent.')
('Spell Reproduction', 'Send 2 Spells from your hand to the GY, then target 1 Spell in your GY; add it to your hand.')
('Shaddoll Beast', 'FLIP: You can draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card.\r\nIf this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can draw 1 card. You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Beast" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Revendread Evolution', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Vendread" Ritual Monster from your hand or GY. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, and/or send 1 "Vendread" monster from your Deck to the GY, whose total Levels equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. The Ritual Summoned monster is destroyed during the End Phase of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "Revendread Evolution" per turn.')
('Soul of Fire', 'Your opponent draws 1 card. Select 1 Pyro-Type monster from your Deck and remove it from play. Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the ATK of the removed monster. If you activate this card, you cannot declare an attack this turn.')
('Offerings to the Doomed', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy that target, also skip your next Draw Phase.')
('Security Force Justify', '3 Effect Monsters, including a "Security Force" monster\r\nYou cannot Summon/Set monsters to a zone this card points to. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; negate its effects (until the end of this turn), then you can move that monster to your opponent\'s Monster Zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Security Force Justify" once per turn. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks: You can banish all monsters it points to.')
('Phantasm Emperor Trilojig', '3 Level 10 monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned, or if another monster is Special Summoned from the GY to your field while you control this monster: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Phantasm Emperor Trilojig" once per turn.')
('Roc from the Valley of Haze', 'When this card is sent directly from your hand to the Graveyard, add this card to the Deck and shuffle it.')
('Beetron', 'You can send 1 face-up Spell/Trap you control to the GY, then target 1 Level 4 or lower Insect monster in your GY; Special Summon that Insect monster in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Beetron" once per turn.')
('Magic Drain', "When your opponent activates a Spell Card: They can discard 1 Spell Card to negate this card's effect, otherwise negate the activation of their Spell Card, and if you do, destroy it.")
('Soul Transition', 'If you control no Special Summoned monsters: Tribute 1 face-up Level 4 Normal Summoned/Set monster; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Soul Transition" per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card.')
('Barrier Statue of the Inferno', 'Neither player can Special Summon monsters, except FIRE monsters.')
('Tanngrisnir of the Nordic Beasts', 'If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Special Summon 2 "Nordic Beast Tokens" (Beast/EARTH/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0).')
('Pandaborg', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can pay 800 Life Points to Special Summon 1 Level 4 Psychic-Type monster from your Deck.')
('Blackwing - Brisote the Tailwind', 'If 2 or more face-up "Blackwing" monsters you control were destroyed this turn, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: Gain 600 LP.')
('Spiritual Fire Art - Kurenai', "Tribute 1 FIRE monster; inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK.")
('Souleating Oviraptor', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can take 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or send it to the Graveyard. You can target 1 other Level 4 or lower Dinosaur-Type monster on the field; destroy it, then Special Summon 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your Graveyard in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Souleating Oviraptor" once per turn.')
('Battle Shogun of the Six Samurai', '2 Warrior monsters, including a "Six Samurai" monster\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card; add 1 card from your Deck to your hand that has an effect that places a Bushido Counter(s). You can only use this effect of "Battle Shogun of the Six Samurai" once per turn. Each time a "Six Samurai" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to, place 1 Bushido Counter on this card. This card gains 100 ATK for each Bushido Counter on your field.')
('Magical Musket Mastermind Zakiel', 'You can Tribute Summon this card face-up by Tributing 1 "Magical Musket" monster. During either player\'s turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s End Phase: You can draw cards equal to the number of "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards you activated this turn while this card was face-up on your field. You can only use this effect of "Magical Musket Mastermind Zakiel" once per turn.')
('Ferret Flames', 'If the combined ATK of all face-up monsters your opponent controls is higher than your LP: Make your opponent shuffle monsters they control into the Deck (their choice), so that the combined ATK of the remaining monsters they control becomes less than or equal to your LP.')
('Iron Chain Snake', 'During your Main Phase, you can equip this card to 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. That monster loses 800 ATK and DEF. When it is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, its controller sends cards equal to its Level from the top of their Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Dinomight Knight, the True Dracofighter', 'To Tribute Summon this card face-up, you can Tribute a Continuous Spell/Trap you control, instead of a monster. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect while you control this Tribute Summoned monster (Quick Effect): You can take 1 "True Draco" or "True King" Continuous Trap from your Deck, and either activate it or add it to your hand.')
('Infernoble Knight Astolfo', 'You can banish 1 FIRE Warrior monster from your hand or GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can make this card\'s Level become the Level of that banished monster. You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon this banished card during your second Standby Phase after this effect\'s activation, then you can Special Summon 1 of your FIRE Warrior monsters that is banished or in your GY. You can only use each effect of "Infernoble Knight Astolfo" once per Duel.')
('Awakening of the Possessed - Greater Inari Fire', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand or Deck) by sending 1 face-up Spellcaster monster and 1 face-up Level 4 or lower FIRE monster you control to the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Awakening of the Possessed - Greater Inari Fire" once per turn.\r\n● When this card is Special Summoned by its effect: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of 1 monster they control.\r\n● If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Spiritual Fire Art" card or 1 "Possessed" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.')
('Archfiend Heiress', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard because of a card effect or being destroyed by battle: You can add 1 "Archfiend" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Archfiend Heiress". You can only use the effect of "Archfiend Heiress" once per turn.')
('Temple of the Sun', 'Face-up monsters you control that were Special Summoned from the Graveyard gain 300 ATK.')
('Hi-Speedroid Hagoita', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nDuring either player\'s turn: You can Tribute this card; increase the Levels of all monsters currently on the field by 1, until the end of this turn. If this card is in your Graveyard and you control a "Speedroid" Tuner monster: You can Special Summon this card, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WIND monsters. You can only use this effect of "Hi-Speedroid Hagoita" once per turn.')
('Broww, Huntsman of Dark World', "If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Draw 1 card, plus another card if this card was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect.")
('Battlestorm', 'This card gains 100 ATK for each Winged Beast-Type monster you control. Once per turn: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. You must control 3 or more Winged Beast-Type monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Destiny HERO - Dystopia', '2 "Destiny HERO" monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Destiny HERO" monster in your GY; inflict damage to your opponent equal to that target\'s ATK. If this card\'s current ATK is different from its original ATK (except during the Damage Step) (Quick Effect): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it, and if you do, this card\'s ATK becomes equal to this card\'s original ATK. You can only use each effect of "Destiny HERO - Dystopia" once per turn.')
('Crush Card Virus', "Tribute 1 DARK monster with 1000 or less ATK; your opponent takes no damage until the end of the next turn after this card resolves, also, you look at your opponent's hand and all monsters they control, and if you do, destroy the monsters among them with 1500 or more ATK, then your opponent can destroy up to 3 monsters with 1500 or more ATK in their Deck.")
('Energy Bravery', 'Gemini Monsters you control that are being treated as Effect Monsters cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Dark Desertapir', 'When this card is removed from play, you can select 1 Level 4 or lower Beast-Type monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it.')
('Daigusto Falcos', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Gusto" monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: All "Gusto" monsters currently on the field gain 600 ATK.')
('Evilswarm Hraesvelg', 'FLIP: Target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.')
('Extra Net', 'If a monster(s) is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: The opponent of the player that conducted the Special Summon can apply this effect.\n● Draw 1 card.')
('Maji-Gire Panda', 'Each time a Beast-Type monster(s) on the field is destroyed, this card gains 500 ATK.')
('Proxy Dragon', '2 monsters\r\nIf a card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 of your monsters this card points to, instead.')
('ZW - Unicorn Spear', 'You can target 1 "Number C39: Utopia Ray" you control; equip this card from your hand to that target. It gains 1900 ATK. If the equipped monster battles an opponent\'s monster, the opponent\'s monster\'s effect is negated during the Battle Phase only. You can only control 1 "ZW - Unicorn Spear".')
('Hallohallo', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; roll a six-sided die and that monster's Level becomes the same as the result until the end of this turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nHallo Hallo, brain of tallow,\r\nGuts are gone, noggin's hollow.\r\nSeeking sweets and marshing mallows,\r\nWatch your back, and your candy sack.")
('Flick Clown', 'If you control at least 2 other Cyberse monsters and have no cards in your hand: You can pay 1000 LP; draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Flick Clown" once per turn.')
('Sacred Noble Knight of King Artorigus', '2 Level 5 "Noble Knight" monsters\r\nWhen this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target up to 3 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Cards with different names in your Graveyard; equip those targets to this card. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 other monster on the field; destroy that target. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 4 or higher "Noble Knight" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.')
('D.D. Borderline', 'When there are no Spell Cards in your Graveyard, neither player can conduct their Battle Phase.')
('Hunting Instinct', "When a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent's field (except during the Damage Step): Special Summon 1 Dinosaur monster from your hand.")
('Hysteric Sign', 'When this card is activated: Add 1 "Elegant Egotist" from your Deck or GY to your hand. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there from the hand or field this turn: Add up to 3 "Harpie" cards with different names from each other from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Hysteric Sign" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Photon Sabre Tiger', 'When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 "Photon Sabre Tiger" from your Deck to your hand. If you do not control another "Photon Sabre Tiger", this card loses 800 ATK.')
('Girsu, the Orcust Mekk-Knight', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Orcust" or "World Legacy" card from your Deck to the GY, then, if there are 2 or more other cards in this card\'s column, treat this card as a Tuner this turn. If you control no other monsters: You can Special Summon 1 "World Legacy Token" (Machine/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to both players\' fields in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Girsu, the Orcust Mekk-Knight" once per turn.')
('Factory of 100 Machines', 'Remove from play all "Morphtronic" monsters from your Graveyard. Target face-up Machine-Type monster you control gains 200 ATK for each card removed, until the End Phase.')
('Madolche Tea Break', 'When a Spell/Trap Card is activated, if you have no monsters in your Graveyard: Negate the activation, and if you do, return it to the hand, then, if you control a face-up "Madolche Puddingcess", you can destroy 1 card your opponent controls.')
('Performapal Celestial Magician', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhen exactly 1 face-up Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is destroyed by battle, or an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon that destroyed monster, then destroy this card. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Celestial Magician" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nDuring your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can apply the following effect(s) for the rest of this turn, based on the other monsters you currently control.\r\n● Fusion: This card can attack directly.\r\n● Synchro: Your opponent cannot activate monster effects.\r\n● Xyz: This card\'s ATK becomes double its original ATK.\r\n● Pendulum: During the End Phase, add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Performapal Celestial Magician" once per turn.')
('Ignister A.I.Land', 'If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zone: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "@Ignister" monster from your hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters with the same original Attribute by the effect of "Ignister A.I.Land", also you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Cyberse monsters (even if this card leaves the field). If this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 "@Ignister" monster from your GY; Set this card. You can only use this effect of "Ignister A.I.Land" once per turn.')
('Rai Rider', "If this card battles an opponent's monster: That monster cannot attack while it is face-up on the field.")
('Powercode Talker', "3 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; negate that target's effects until the end of this turn. Once per turn, if this card battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 monster this card points to; this card's ATK becomes double its original ATK during that damage calculation only.")
('Gravity Axe - Grarl', 'The equipped monster gains 500 ATK. Monsters your opponent controls cannot change their battle positions.')
('Lucky Trinket', "This creature may look slim and weak, but it's protected by a mystical force.")
('Ghostrick Parade', 'Monsters cannot attack face-down Defense Position monsters, but can attack directly if all monsters their opponent controls are face-down Defense Position. Your opponent takes no damage. When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack: You can add 1 "Ghostrick" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Eatgaboon', 'If the ATK of a monster summoned by your opponent (excluding Special Summon) is 500 points or less, the monster is destroyed.')
('Darkness Approaches', 'Discard 2 cards from your hand. Select 1 face-up monster and change it to face-down Defense Position.')
('Worm Yagan', 'If the only monster you control is "Worm Xex", you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in face-down Defense Position. If you do, remove it from play when it is removed from the field. When this card is flipped face-up, select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and return it to it\'s owner\'s hand.')
('Dark Factory of More Production', 'You can send 1 monster from your hand or field to the GY; draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Dark Factory of More Production" once per turn.')
("Gottoms' Emergency Call", 'If a face-up "X-Saber" monster is on the field: Target 2 "X-Saber" monsters in any Graveyard; Special Summon both to your side of the field.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Shield", 'Activate only when your opponent\'s monster declares an attack if you have 2 or more "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" in your Graveyard. Destroy all face-up Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.')
('Deep Sea Diva', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Sea Serpent monster from your Deck.')
('Trakodon', 'A tiger-striped dragon that is often seen racing across the wasteland at tremendous speeds.')
('Destiny HERO - Plasma', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters. Negate the effects of face-up monsters while your opponent controls them. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card (max. 1). This card gains ATK equal to half the original ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect.')
('Shocktopus', "When this card is destroyed by battle with an opponent's monster and sent to the Graveyard: You can equip this card to that opponent's monster. That monster's ATK becomes 0, also it cannot change its battle position.")
('Harpie Lady Phoenix Formation', 'If you control 3 or more "Harpie Lady" and/or "Harpie Lady Sisters": Target as many monsters your opponent controls as possible, but not more than the total number of "Harpie Lady" and "Harpie Lady Sisters" you control; destroy those targets, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the highest original ATK among those destroyed monsters (your choice, if tied). You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Main Deck or Extra Deck, nor conduct your Battle Phase, the turn you activate this card.')
('Wetha', 'A spirit that controls rain and is capable of summoning hurricanes to blow the enemy away.')
('Overload Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 DARK Machine Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your field or GY.')
('Swift Birdman Joe', "If you Tribute Summon this card by Tributing a WIND monster, return all Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the owners' hands.")
('The Melting Red Shadow', 'This monster melts away to materialize under its enemies, taking them by surprise.')
('Yosenju Magat', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Yosenju" monster from your Deck, except "Yosenju Magat". During the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.')
('World Legacy Key', 'When this card is activated: You can target 1 of your banished "Mekk-Knight" monsters or "World Legacy" cards; add it to your hand. Negate any opponent\'s Trap effect that activates in the same column as a "Mekk-Knight" monster you control.')
('Crystal Raigeki', 'Send 1 "Crystal Beast" card from your Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard to target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('The Rock Spirit', "This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 EARTH monster in your Graveyard. Increase the ATK of this monster by 300 points during your opponent's Battle Phase.")
('Orcustrated Babel', 'You can activate the effects of "Orcust" monsters in your GY, or of Link Monsters you control with "Orcust" in their original names, as Quick Effects. During your Main Phase, if this card is in your GY, except the turn it was sent to the GY: You can send 1 card from your hand to the GY; add this card to your hand.')
("Vampire's Desire", 'Activate 1 of these effects.\n● Target 1 face-up monster you control; send 1 "Vampire" monster from your Deck to the GY with a different Level from that monster, and if you do, the targeted monster becomes the Level of that sent monster in the GY, until the end of this turn.\n● Target 1 "Vampire" monster in your GY; send 1 monster you control to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon the targeted monster.\nYou can only activate 1 "Vampire\'s Desire" per turn.')
('Water of Life', 'If you control no monsters: Target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon that target in Attack Position, also, for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot activate monster effects, except the effects of that Special Summoned monster on the field. You can only activate 1 "Water of Life" per turn.')
('Crane Crane', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 3 monster in your GY; Special Summon that target, but it has its effects negated. You can only use this effect of "Crane Crane" once per turn.')
('Ally of Justice Cyclone Creator', 'Once per turn, you can discard 1 card from your hand to return Spell/Trap Cards from the field to the hand equal to the number of face-up Tuner monsters on the field.')
('Neo Space', '"Elemental HERO Neos" and all Fusion Monsters that specifically list "Elemental HERO Neos" as a Fusion Material gain 500 ATK. Fusion Monsters that specifically list "Elemental HERO Neos" as a Fusion Material do not have to activate their effects during the End Phase that shuffle them into the Extra Deck.')
('Karakuri Ninja mdl 919 "Kuick"', 'This card must attack if able. When this face-up card is selected as an attack target, change its battle position. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, select 1 Level 4 or lower "Karakuri" monster in your Graveyard, and Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position.')
('Junk Berserker', '"Junk Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nYou can banish 1 "Junk" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses ATK equal to the banished monster\'s ATK. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.')
('Treeborn Frog', 'Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard and you do not control "Treeborn Frog": You can Special Summon this card. You must control no Spell/Trap Cards to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Altergeist Memorygant', '2+ "Altergeist" monsters\r\nDuring the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 other monster; this card gains ATK equal to the ATK the Tributed monster had on the field. When this card destroys a monster by battle: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls, and if you do, this card can make a second attack in a row. If this card would be destroyed, you can banish 1 monster from your GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Memorygant" once per turn.')
('Griggle', 'When the control of this face-up card on the field shifts to your opponent, increase your Life Points by 3000 points. This effect can only be used once as long as this card remains face-up on the field.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Doom", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Fiend-Type monster in your hand. Negate the effects of LIGHT and DARK monsters that activate during the Main Phase.')
('Koitsu', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this card on the field, you can equip it to your "Aitsu" as an Equip Spell Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card\'s effect, increase the ATK of the equipped monster by 3000 points. When it attacks with an ATK that is higher than the DEF of a Defense Position monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent\'s Life Points. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)')
('Humanoid Worm Drake', '"Worm Drake" + "Humanoid Slime"')
('Metalsilver Armor', 'As long as you control the monster equipped with this card, your opponent cannot use the effect of a Spell, Trap, or Effect Monster that targets 1 monster, except the equipped monster.')
('Sunseed Genius Loci', "''A seed that can be harvested from the sacred tree once every thousand years. It is said to become the guardian spirit of its land after a millennium.''")
('Security Force Rappa Chiyomaru', 'Monsters your opponent controls that face a "Security Force" monster you control cannot target monsters for attacks, except a monster in their column. (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Security Force" card from your hand; return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Security Force" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Security Force Rappa Chiyomaru". You can only use this effect of "Security Force Rappa Chiyomaru" once per turn.')
('Security Block', 'Target 1 Cyberse monster on the field; this turn, neither player takes battle damage, also that monster cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Destiny HERO - Dunker', 'You can send 1 "Destiny HERO" card from your hand to the Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Cataclysmic Crusted Calcifida', 'If a face-up EARTH monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then, you can send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Cataclysmic Crusted Calcifida" once per turn.')
('Missing Force', 'If you control no other monsters: You can Tribute this card to target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase. You cannot Special Summon or conduct your Battle Phase during the turn you activate this effect.')
('Piwraithe the Ghost Pirate', 'If a face-up WATER monster(s) you control, except "Piwraithe the Ghost Pirate", is destroyed by battle or card effect, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card (but banish it when it leaves the field), and if you do, it gains 100 ATK for each WATER monster in your GY, until the end of the next turn. You can only use this effect of "Piwraithe the Ghost Pirate" once per turn.')
('Orbital Hydralander', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 5 or more monsters in your GY, and no monsters in your GY with the same name. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY; destroy 1 card on the field. You must have at least 2 monsters in your GY, and no monsters in your GY with the same name, to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Topologic Trisbaena', '2+ Effect Monsters\r\nIf a monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to: Banish as many of those monster(s) as possible, also as many Spells/Traps on the field as possible, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each of their cards banished by this effect.')
('Shutendoji', 'Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects.\n● Banish 2 Zombie monsters from your GY; draw 1 card.\n● Target 1 of your banished Zombie monsters; place that target on the top of your Deck.')
('Apprentice Magician', 'If this card is Summoned: Target 1 face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on; place 1 Spell Counter on that target. If this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Spellcaster monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.')
('Mad Reloader', 'If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Send 2 cards from your hand to the GY, and if you do, draw 2 cards.')
('Gate Guardian', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Sanga of the Thunder", "Kazejin", and "Suijin".')
('Scrap Orthros', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while you control a "Scrap" monster. If Summoned this way: Target 1 "Scrap" monster you control; destroy that target. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Scrap" monster in your GY, except "Scrap Orthros"; add that target to your hand.')
('Darkfire Soldier #1', 'An explosive expert from a special elite force.')
('Goddess of Sweet Revenge', "While you control no cards and this is the only card in your hand, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can discard this card; destroy as many cards as possible your opponent controls, then you can Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck.")
('Blood Mefist', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card your opponent controls. Each time your opponent Sets a Spell or Trap Card(s): Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.")
('Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon', '"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon"')
("Graverobber's Retribution", "During each of your Standby Phases, inflict 100 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points for each of your opponent's monsters that have been removed from play.")
('Valkyrie Dritte', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Valkyrie" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Valkyrie Dritte". You can only use this effect of "Valkyrie Dritte" once per turn. Gains 200 ATK for each of your opponent\'s banished monsters.')
("Abyss Script - Fire Dragon's Lair", 'Target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; if it destroys your opponent\'s monster by battle this turn, your opponent banishes 3 monsters from their Extra Deck (their choice). If this Set card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can look at your opponent\'s Extra Deck, also banish 1 monster from their Extra Deck. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Script - Fire Dragon\'s Lair" once per turn.')
('Legendary Knight Timaeus', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Legend of Heart". When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap on the field; banish that target. When this card is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 Spell in your GY; Set that target.')
('NEX', 'Send 1 face-up "Neo-Spacian" monster you control to the Graveyard. Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster with the same name from your Extra Deck.')
('Ancient Gear Drill', 'If you control an "Ancient Gear" monster: Discard 1 card; Set 1 Spell Card directly from your Deck. This turn, that Spell Card cannot be activated.')
('Recklessly Reaching for Riches', 'When you draw a card(s) for your normal draw in your Draw Phase: You can reveal 1 of those cards; place it on the bottom of the Deck, and if you do, draw 1 card. When you draw a card(s) by a card effect: You can reveal 1 of those cards; send this card to the GY, and if you do, place the revealed card on the bottom of the Deck, and if you do that, draw 1 card.')
('Millennium-Eyes Restrict', '"Relinquished" + 1 Effect Monster\r\nOnce per turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls or in their GY; equip that target to this card you control. This card gains ATK/DEF equal to that equipped monster\'s. Monsters with that equipped monster\'s name cannot attack, also their effects on the field and their activated effects are negated.')
('Rainbow Gravity', 'If you have 7 "Crystal Beast" cards with different names on the field or in your Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Crystal" monster from your Deck or Graveyard, ignoring the Summoning conditions.')
('Ojama King', '"Ojama Green" + "Ojama Yellow" + "Ojama Black"\nSelect up to 3 of your opponent\'s Monster Card Zones. The selected zones cannot be used.')
('Cyber-Stein', 'You can pay 5000 LP; Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck in Attack Position.')
('Gimmick Puppet Des Troy', 'Once while face-up on the field: You can target 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster on the field; destroy it. When this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 or 2 "Gimmick Puppet" monsters from your hand.')
('Endless Traps', 'If you have exactly 3 Traps in your GY, randomly add 1 Trap from your GY to your hand, randomly shuffle 1 Trap from your GY into your Deck, then randomly banish 1 Trap from your GY. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.')
('Berserkion the Electromagna Warrior', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Alpha The Electromagnet Warrior", "Beta The Electromagnet Warrior", and "Gamma The Electromagnet Warrior" from your hand, Graveyard, and/or face-up from your Monster Zone. You can banish 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can target 1 each of your banished "Alpha The Electromagnet Warrior", "Beta The Electromagnet Warrior", and "Gamma The Electromagnet Warrior"; Special Summon them.')
('Mimikuril', 'During your Main Phase: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a monster, Special Summon it, and if you do, place this card on the bottom of the Deck. If it wasn\'t a monster, or couldn\'t be Special Summoned, place it on the bottom of the Deck. Place the monster Special Summoned by this effect on the bottom of the Deck during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Mimikuril" once per turn.')
('Amazoness Fighting Spirit', 'If an "Amazoness" monster attacks a monster with higher ATK, the attacking monster gains 1000 ATK during damage calculation only.')
('Number 13: Embodiment of Crime', '2 Level 1 monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change all monsters your opponent controls to face-up Attack Position, also all monsters your opponent currently controls must attack this card this turn, if able. While you control "Number 31: Embodiment of Punishment", this card gains these effects.\n● This card cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects while it has Xyz Material.\n● Your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from attacks on this card.')
('Turbo Rocket', 'While attacking, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks, after damage calculation, inflict damage equal to half the ATK of the attack target to your opponent.')
('Performapal Drummerilla', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can target that monster you control; it gains 600 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf there are no monsters on the field, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, its Level becomes 4. Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can target that monster you control; it gains 600 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.")
('Sunavalon Dryas', '1 Level 4 or lower Plant monster\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned to the Extra Monster Zone using "Sunseed Genius Loci" as material: You can add 1 "Sunvine" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. Cannot be targeted for attacks, but does not prevent your opponent from attacking you directly. Once per turn, if you take battle or effect damage: You can gain that much LP, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Sunvine" monster from your Extra Deck.')
('Dian Keto the Cure Master', 'Increase your Life Points by 1000 points.')
('Crystron Ametrix', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can change all face-up Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls to Defense Position. If this Synchro Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Crystron" monster in your Graveyard, except a Synchro Monster; Special Summon it.')
('Malevolent Catastrophe', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.")
('Starving Venemy Lethal Dose Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, during your Main Phase: You can place 1 Venemy Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls. All monsters on the field, except DARK Dragon monsters, lose 200 ATK for each Venemy Counter on the field.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n3 DARK Pendulum Monsters\r\nEach time a card(s) is sent from the field to the GY, place 1 Venemy Counter on this card for each sent card. All monsters on the field, except DARK Dragon monsters, lose 200 ATK for each Venemy Counter on the field. Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls, until the end of this turn. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.')
('Synchro Transcend', 'Target 1 Synchro Monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 Synchro Monster that is 1 Level higher than it from your Extra Deck, but it cannot activate its effects this turn. You can only activate 1 "Synchro Transcend" per turn.')
('Gemini Counter', "Change 1 face-up Gemini monster you control to face-down Defense Position and negate the activation of an opponent's Spell Card, and destroy it.")
('Thunder Hand', 'If a face-up monster(s) you control with 1600 original ATK or original DEF is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card from your GY (if it was there when the monster was destroyed) or hand (even if not), and if you do, destroy 1 card your opponent controls. If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Thunder Hand" once per turn.')
('World Legacy - "World Armor"', 'When a monster is Flip Summoned: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "World Legacy" card from your Deck to your hand. If this Normal Summoned/Set card is on the field (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up opponent\'s monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; return both that monster and this card to the hand. You can only use each effect of "World Legacy - "World Armor"" once per turn.')
('Supreme King Z-ARC', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nFusion, Synchro, and Xyz Monsters your opponent controls cannot activate their effects. Once per turn, when a card(s) is added from the Main Deck to your opponent\'s hand (except during the Draw Phase or the Damage Step): You can destroy that card(s).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n4 Dragon monsters (1 Fusion, 1 Synchro, 1 Xyz, and 1 Pendulum)\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all cards your opponent controls. Cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Supreme King Dragon" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.')
('Salamangreat Beat Bison', 'If you have 3 or more "Salamangreat" monsters in your GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can target FIRE Link Monsters in your GY, up to the number of face-up cards your opponent controls; return them to the Extra Deck, then, you can negate the effects of face-up cards your opponent controls until the end of this turn, up to the number of cards you returned. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Beat Bison" once per turn.')
('Perfect Machine King', 'This card gains 500 ATK for each other Machine-Type monster on the field.')
('The Agent of Miracles - Jupiter', 'Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 "The Agent" monster in your Graveyard to select 1 face-up LIGHT Fairy-Type monster you control. The selected monster gains 800 ATK until the End Phase. While "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is face-up on the field, once per turn, you can discard 1 Fairy-Type monster to select 1 of your removed from play LIGHT Fairy-Type monster, and Special Summon it.')
('Graydle Eagle', 'If this card in your Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or monster effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, take control of that monster. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster.')
('Frightfur Bear', '"Edge Imp Sabres" + "Fluffal Bear"\nWhen this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can equip that monster to this card as an Equip Spell Card with this effect.\n● The equipped monster gains 1000 ATK.')
('Final Inzektion', 'Send 5 face-up "Inzektor" cards you control to the Graveyard; destroy all cards your opponent controls, also, during the Battle Phase of this turn, your opponent cannot activate monster effects that activate in the hand or Graveyard.')
('Oneiroi, the Dream Mirror Emissary', 'If a "Dream Mirror" monster is on the field: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can make its Attribute become DARK. If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dream Mirror" monster: Apply these effects (simultaneously).\r\n● If "Dream Mirror of Joy" is on the field, you can return 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls to the hand.\r\n● If "Dream Mirror of Terror" is on the field, draw 1 card, then shuffle 1 card from your hand into the Deck.\r\nYou can only use each effect of "Oneiroi, the Dream Mirror Emissary" once per turn.')
('Xtra HERO Cross Crusader', '2 Warrior monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can target 1 "Destiny HERO" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can Tribute 1 "Destiny HERO" monster; add 1 "HERO" monster with a different name from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Xtra HERO Cross Crusader" once per turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate either of this card\'s effects, except "HERO" monsters.')
('Mermail Abysstrite', '3 Level 3 monsters\nDuring either player\'s turn, when your opponent targets exactly 1 face-up "Mermail" monster you control for an attack, or with a Spell/Trap effect that could have targeted this card (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; that attack/effect now targets this card. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Mermail" monster in your Graveyard, except "Mermail Abysstrite"; Special Summon that target.')
('Evil Eye Confrontation', 'If you control an "Evil Eye" monster: Target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, and "Evil Eye of Selene" is in your Spell & Trap Zone, banish that destroyed card. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Confrontation" per turn.')
('B.E.S. Big Core MK-2', 'If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. When this card is Special Summoned, place 3 counters on it. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks or is attacked, remove 1 counter from this card at the end of the Damage Step. If you cannot, destroy it.')
('Stairs of Mail', 'During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; discard 1 "Tindangle" card, and if you do, apply 1 of these effects.\n● Change 1 face-down Defense Position monster you control to face-up Attack Position.\n● Change 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control to face-down Defense Position.\nThis turn, you cannot discard another card with the same name for the effect of "Stairs of Mail" (even if this card leaves the field).')
('Virtual World Rabbit - Tutu', 'If you control no monsters, or all monsters you control are Psychic and/or Wyrm monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is in your GY: You can discard 1 Psychic or Wyrm monster; Special Summon this card as a Tuner, but banish it when it leaves the field, also for the rest of this turn, you can only Special Summon Level/Rank 3 or higher monsters. You can only use this effect of "Virtual World Rabbit - Tutu" once per turn.')
('Mask Charge', 'Target 1 "HERO" monster and 1 "Change" Quick-Play Spell Card in your Graveyard; add them to your hand.')
('Bubble Shuffle', 'Target 1 face-up Attack Position "Elemental HERO Bubbleman" you control and 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; change both those targets to Defense Position, then Tribute that "Elemental HERO Bubbleman", then Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your hand.')
('Zenmairch', 'Target 1 face-up Level 4 or lower "Wind-Up" monster you control: Return that target to the hand (no matter its Level), then Special Summon 1 "Wind-Up" monster from the hand with the same Level as the returned monster\'s.')
('Ninaruru, the Magistus Glass Goddess', '2 Level 4 Spellcaster monsters\r\nWhile this card is an Equip Card, the equipped monster can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. You can only use each of the following effects of "Ninaruru, the Magistus Glass Goddess" once per turn. You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 Level 4 or higher Spellcaster monster in your GY; add it to your hand. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can target 1 "Magistus" card in your Spell & Trap Zone and 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy them.')
('Disenchanter', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Spell on the field; remove 1 Spell Counter from anywhere on the field, and if you do, return that target to the hand.')
('Limit Reverse', 'Target 1 monster with 1000 or less ATK in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Attack Position. If the target is changed to Defense Position, destroy it and this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy the target. When the target is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('Black Illusion Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Relinquished". You must also Tribute a monster from your hand or field whose Level is 1 or more.')
('Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), you can remove from play 1 monster with ? ATK from your Graveyard to destroy that Special Summoned monster(s).')
('Sea Stealth Attack', 'When this card is activated: You can activate 1 "Umi" from your hand or GY. While "Umi" is on the field, this face-up card gains these effects.\r\n● Once per turn: You can banish 1 WATER monster you control until the End Phase; this turn, face-up Spells/Traps you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n● At the start of the Damage Step, if your WATER monster whose original Level is 5 or higher battles an opponent\'s monster: Destroy that opponent\'s monster.')
('Present Card', 'Your opponent discards their entire hand, then draws 5 cards. You can only activate 1 "Present Card" per turn.')
('Fire King Avatar Garunix', 'If a face-up "Fire King" monster you control is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Fire King Avatar" monster from your Deck.')
('Vague Shadow Token', 'Special Summoned by the effect of "Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow". This Token cannot be Tributed or used as as Synchro Material Monster.')
('Heroic Challenger - Ambush Soldier', 'During your Standby Phase: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon up to 2 "Heroic Challenger" monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, except "Heroic Challenger - Ambush Soldier". You can only use this effect of "Heroic Challenger - Ambush Soldier" once per turn. When you do: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; make all "Heroic Challenger" monsters you currently control become Level 1.')
('Castle of Dark Illusions', 'FLIP: All Zombie-Type monsters gain 200 ATK and DEF. During each of your next 4 Standby Phases, each of those Zombie-Type monsters gains 200 more ATK and DEF. These effects last as long as this card is face-up on the field.')
('Needlebug Nest', 'Send the top 5 cards of your Deck to the GY.')
('Xing Zhen Hu Replica', "Select 1 Set Spell/Trap Card on the field. It cannot be activated. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this card's activation.")
('Memory Loss', 'When a face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls just activated an effect (except during the Damage Step): Negate that effect, and if you do, change that monster to face-up Defense Position.')
('Vylon Filament', 'Equip only to a "Vylon" monster. If the equipped monster attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Vylon" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Zerrziel, Ruler of the Evil Eyed', '2+ "Evil Eye" monsters\r\nIf this card was Link Summoned using a monster with 2600 or higher ATK as material, it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. If this card is equipped with "Evil Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Zerrziel, Ruler of the Evil Eyed" once per turn. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this effect was activated: Negate the effect of 1 Effect Monster this card currently points to.')
('Tuner Capture', 'Activate only when your opponent Synchro Summons a monster. Special Summon 1 Tuner Monster used for that Synchro Summon from their Graveyard to your side of the field.')
('Skreech', 'If this card is destroyed by battle: Send 2 WATER monsters from your Deck to the GY.')
('Shuttleroid', 'When this card is targeted for an attack: You can banish this card. During your next Standby Phase: Special Summon this card banished by this effect. If Summoned this way: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.')
('Mirror Ladybug', "If you control at least 1 face-up monster and have no monsters in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is Special Summoned this way, this card's Level becomes equal to the total Levels of all other monsters you control. If the Level of this card is higher than 12, destroy this card.")
('The Snake Hair', 'A monster with a head of poison snakes. One look from this monster can turn an opponent to stone.')
('Generation Shift', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; destroy that target, then add 1 card with the same name as the destroyed card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Mega Ton Magical Cannon', "Remove 10 Spell Counters on your side of the field. Destroy all cards on your opponent's side of the field.")
('Hanewata', '(Quick Effect): You can discard this card; you take no effect damage this turn.')
('Number 61: Volcasaurus', "2 Level 5 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that opponent's monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK. This card cannot attack your opponent directly during the turn you activate this effect.")
('Performapal Odd-Eyes Minitaurus', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf your "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nDuring damage calculation, if your Pendulum Monster attacks an opponent\'s monster: You can make that opponent\'s monster lose 100 ATK for each "Performapal" and "Odd-Eyes" card you control, during damage calculation only.')
('Ninjitsu Art Notebook', 'Once per turn: You can send 1 "Ninja" monster from your hand to the GY; Set 1 "Ninjitsu Art" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck, except "Ninjitsu Art Notebook".')
('Level Up!', 'Send 1 face-up "LV" monster you control to the GY; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or Deck that is listed in the sent monster\'s text, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Lineage of Destruction', 'Activate only during a turn in which you destroyed a Defense Position monster your opponent controlled. Select 1 Level 8 monster you control. During this turn, the selected monster can attack twice.')
('Manticore of Darkness', 'During the End Phase of the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can send to the Graveyard 1 Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast-Type monster from your hand or your side of the field; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard.')
('Divine Dragon Token', 'This card can be used as a "Divine Dragon Token".\r\n\r\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
("Raidraptor's Phantom Knights Claw", 'When a monster effect is activated: Detach 1 material from your DARK Xyz Monster; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then if the detached material was a "The Phantom Knights", "Raidraptor", or "Xyz Dragon" card, 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster you control gains ATK equal to that destroyed monster\'s original ATK. You can only activate 1 "Raidraptor\'s Phantom Knights Claw" per turn.')
('Golem Sentry', 'Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.')
('Artifact Vajra', "You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your GY: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn: Destroy all cards in your Spell & Trap Zones. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.")
('Ganbara Knight', 'When this face-up Attack Position card is targeted for an attack: You can change it to Defense Position.')
('Megalith Phaleg', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with a "Megalith" card. You can discard this card; Ritual Summon 1 "Megalith" Ritual Monster from your hand, by Tributing monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed its Level. You can only use this effect of "Megalith Phaleg" once per turn. Monsters you control gain 300 ATK/DEF for each Ritual Monster in your GY.')
('Data Token', 'Summoned by the effect of "Link Streamer".')
('Vylon Vanguard', 'When this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can draw 1 card for each Equip Card that was equipped to this card.')
('Doriado', 'A spirit of the forest powered by the surrounding trees and wildlife.')
('Gamushara', "When a Defense Position monster you control is targeted for an attack: Change that Defense Position monster to face-up Attack Position. Then, if the attacking monster is destroyed by that battle and sent to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK in the Graveyard.")
('Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Evil Eye" card in your GY, except "Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye"; add it to your hand. If this card is equipped with "Evil Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; banish it. You can only use this effect of "Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye" once per turn. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this effect was activated: Banish 1 card in your GY.')
('World Legacy Pawns', 'You can target 1 face-down monster you control; change it to face-up Attack or Defense Position. You can shuffle 1 "Krawler" monster from your GY into the Main Deck, then target 1 face-up monster you control; change it to face-down Defense Position. You can only use 1 "World Legacy Pawns" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Misfortune', "Select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half that monster's original ATK. Your monsters cannot attack this turn.")
('Vylon Omega', '2 Tuners + 1 non-Tuner "Vylon" monster\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: Destroy all face-up monsters that were Normal Summoned/Set. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Vylon" monster in your Graveyard; equip that target to this card. During either player\'s turn, when a monster effect activates: You can send 1 Equip Card equipped to this card to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.')
('Arcana Force EX - The Dark Ruler', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 monsters you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Toss a coin and gain the appropriate effect.\n● Heads: This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, but if it does so using this effect, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. Its battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn.\n● Tails: If this card is destroyed, destroy all cards on the field.')
('Dark Magician', 'The ultimate wizard in terms of attack and defense.')
('Sylvan Peaskeeper', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can only use this effect of "Sylvan Peaskeeper" once per turn.')
('Psychic Bounder', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Jinzo" or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists that card in its text, from your Deck to your hand. When another monster you control is attacked by an opponent\'s monster, before damage calculation: You can destroy both the attacking monster and this card. You can only use each effect of "Psychic Bounder" once per turn.')
('Queen Dragun Djinn', '2 Level 4 monsters\nDragon-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, except "Queen Dragun Djinn". Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 Level 5 or higher Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. It cannot attack this turn, and its effects are negated.')
('Emperor of Prophecy', 'You can banish both 1 face-up Spellcaster-Type monster you control, except this card, and 1 "Spellbook" card from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase. You can only use the effect of "Emperor of Prophecy" once per turn. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.')
('Gagagaguard', 'If you control 2 or more face-up "Gagaga" monsters: This turn, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.')
('Sentry Soldier of Stone', 'If all monsters you control are Rock-Type monsters (min. 1) while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Sentry Soldier of Stone" once per turn.')
('PSY-Framegear Beta', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack while you control no monsters: You can Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame Driver" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and if you do, destroy the attacking monster, then end the Battle Phase. During the End Phase, banish the face-up monsters Special Summoned by this effect.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Turtletracer', 'This card\'s Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Each turn, the first "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" you control that would be destroyed by battle, is not destroyed.')
('Papa-Corn', 'While a Field Spell Card is face-up on the field, this card gains 1000 ATK.')
('Junk Archer', '"Junk Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it. During the End Phase of this turn, return it to your opponent\'s side of the field, in the same battle position.')
('Rainbow Dragon, the Zenith Crystal Beast', 'If this face-up card is destroyed in a Monster Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Spell, instead of sending it to the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Rainbow Dragon, the Zenith Crystal Beast" once per turn.\r\n● When an attack is declared involving a "Crystal Beast" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\r\n● You can banish this Continuous Spell; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck, but negate its effects (if any), and if you do, add 1 "Ultimate Crystal" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Aromaseraphy Jasmine', '2 Plant monsters\r\nIf your LP are higher than your opponent\'s, this card and any Plant monsters it points to cannot be destroyed by battle. You can Tribute 1 monster this card points to; Special Summon 1 Plant monster from your Deck in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Aromaseraphy Jasmine" once per turn. Once per turn, if you gain LP: Add 1 Plant monster from your Deck to your hand.')
("Gravekeeper's Visionary", 'You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Gravekeeper\'s" monster. This card gains 200 ATK for each "Gravekeeper\'s" monster in your Graveyard. If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can discard 1 "Gravekeeper\'s" monster instead.')
('Fluffal Sheep', 'If you control a "Fluffal" monster, except "Fluffal Sheep", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can return 1 other "Fluffal" monster you control to the hand; Special Summon 1 "Edge Imp" monster from your hand or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Sheep" once per turn.')
('Majespecter Raccoon - Bunbuku', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Majespecter" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Majespecter Raccoon - Bunbuku" once per turn. Cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects.')
('Forbidden Chalice', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; until the end of this turn, that target gains 400 ATK, but its effects are negated.')
('Flower Gathering', 'Special Summon 4 "Flower Cardian" monsters with 100 ATK and different names from your Deck in Attack Position, but they have their effects negated, also they cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon. You can only activate 1 "Flower Gathering" per turn. You cannot Normal or Special Summon other monsters during the turn you activate this card, except "Flower Cardian" monsters.')
('Diffusion Wave-Motion', '(This card is not treated as a "Fusion" card.)\r\nIf your opponent controls a monster: Pay 1000 LP, then target 1 Level 7 or higher Spellcaster monster you control; this turn, it must attack all monsters your opponent controls once each, also other monsters you control cannot attack. The effects of monsters destroyed by these attacks cannot activate and are negated.')
('Soul Drain Dragon', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a Dragon-Type Xyz Monster's effect in your possession, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When Special Summoned, if your Life Points are lower than your opponent's: This card gains ATK equal to your current Life Point deficit, and if it does, your opponent takes no further damage this turn. This card cannot attack your opponent directly.")
('Eternal Drought', 'Destroy all face-up Fish-Type monsters on the field.')
('Machina Defender', 'FLIP: Add 1 "Commander Covington" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Ebon Magician Curran', 'During your Standby Phase, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each monster they control.')
('Mountain Warrior', 'A tough warrior that can move smoothly on even the roughest terrain.')
('Reborn Zombie', 'While you have no cards in your hand and this card is in Attack Position, it cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Wicked Dragon with the Ersatz Head', 'A two-headed dragon with a pair of jaws that can tear an enemy to shreds.')
('Anti Raigeki', 'When your opponent activates "Raigeki": Negate its effect, and if you do, destroy all monsters your opponent controls.')
('Setuppercut', 'When a monster you control is destroyed by battle: Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or Deck with ATK less than or equal to that destroyed monster, in face-down Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Setuppercut" per turn.')
('Prescience', "[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.]\r\n\r\nIf your opponent's LP is more than twice your LP, activate this Skill.\r\nYou may look at the top card of both your and your opponent's Deck at any time.")
('Impenetrable Formation', 'Select 1 monster on your side of the field to activate this card. While you have 2 or more monsters on your side of the field, and all monsters on your side of the field are in Defense Position, the selected monster gains 700 DEF. When the selected monster is removed from the field, destroy this card.')
('Decode Talker Heatsoul', '2+ Cyberse monsters with different Attributes\r\nGains 500 ATK for each monster it points to. (Quick Effect): You can pay 1000 LP; draw 1 card, then if your LP are 2000 or less, you can banish this card from the field, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Link-3 or lower Cyberse monster from your Extra Deck, except "Decode Talker Heatsoul". You can only use this effect of "Decode Talker Heatsoul" once per turn.')
('Dream Mirror Phantasms', 'When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Dream Mirror" monster from your Deck to your hand. If "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone, all monsters you control gain 500 ATK/DEF. If "Dream Mirror of Terror" is in a Field Zone, all monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK/DEF. You can only activate 1 "Dream Mirror Phantasms" per turn.')
('Rapid Warrior', "During your Main Phase 1, you can activate this card's effect. If you do, it can attack your opponent directly this turn. Other monsters cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.")
('Dragunity Pilum', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Winged Beast-Type "Dragunity" monster from your hand, then equip it with this card. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster can attack your opponent directly. When you do, Battle Damage inflicted to your opponent (by the equipped monster) is halved.')
('Fiend Kraken', 'A giant squid that drags its enemies to a watery grave.')
('Arcana Force 0 - The Fool', "This card cannot be destroyed by battle. This card cannot be changed to Defense Position, except with a card effect. When this card is Summoned: Toss a coin and gain the appropriate effect. ● Heads: Negate your card effects that target this card, and destroy them. ● Tails: Negate your opponent's card effects that target this card, and destroy them.")
('Gigantes', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 EARTH monster from your GY. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Destroy all Spells and Traps on the field.')
('Sylvan Cherubsprout', 'When this card is Special Summoned: You can choose either 1 or 2, then excavate that many cards from the top of your Deck, send any excavated Plant-Type monsters to the Graveyard, also place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 1 Plant-Type monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Sylvan Cherubsprout" once per turn.')
('Rikka Petal', 'During your Main Phase: You can take 1 "Rikka" monster from your Deck, except "Rikka Petal", and either add it to your hand or send it to the GY, also you cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn, except Plant monsters. During your opponent\'s End Phase, while this card is in your GY, if you control no monsters or all monsters you control are Plant monsters: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Rikka Petal" once per turn.')
('Toad Master', 'A hermit frog that has been in existence for thousands of years, it attacks with tadpoles.')
('Desrook Archfiend', 'The controller of this card pays 500 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases (this is not optional). When this card is targeted by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, when resolving the effect, roll a six-sided die. If the result is 3, negate the effect and destroy the opponent\'s card. When a "Terrorking Archfiend" on your side of the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to Special Summon the "Terrorking Archfiend".')
('Grave Lure', "Turn the top card of your opponent's Deck face-up, then your opponent shuffles their Deck. When your opponent draws the face-up card, immediately send it to the Graveyard.")
('Dark Scorpion - Chick the Yellow', 'When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can activate 1 of these effects:\n● Target 1 card on the field; return that target to the hand.\n● Look at the top card of their Deck, then return it to the top or bottom of the Deck.')
('Wind-Up Rat', 'During your Main Phase: You can target 1 "Wind-Up" monster in your Graveyard; change this face-up Attack Position card you control to face-up Defense Position, and Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Galaxy Storm', 'Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster on the field that has no Xyz Material; destroy that target.')
('Hourglass of Life', 'This creature grants power instead of shortening life.')
('Calming Magic', 'This card can only be activated at the start of Main Phase 1. During the Main Phases and Battle Phase of this turn, neither player can Summon monsters.')
('Ghostrick Witch', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change it to face-down Defense Position.')
('Uni-Zombie', 'You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; discard 1 card, and if you do, increase that target\'s Level by 1. You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn, except Zombie monsters, also send 1 Zombie monster from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, increase that target\'s Level by 1. You can only use each effect of "Uni-Zombie" once per turn.')
('Plague Wolf', "Once per turn: You can make this card's ATK become double its original ATK until the end of this turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this effect was activated: Destroy this card.")
('Ojama Token', 'This card can be used as an "Ojama Token".\r\n\r\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Knightmare Goblin', '2 monsters with different names\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned during your turn: You can discard 1 card; if this card was co-linked when this effect was activated, you can draw 1 card, also, during your Main Phase this turn, you can Normal Summon 1 monster from your hand to your zone this card points to, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. You can only apply this effect of "Knightmare Goblin" once per turn. Neither player can target co-linked monsters you control with card effects.')
('Photon Token', 'This card can be used as a "Photon Token".\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Out of the Blue', 'Destroy this card if your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a card(s) in the Graveyard. When this card is destroyed by this effect and sent to the Graveyard, your opponent shuffles all cards in their Graveyard into the Deck.')
('Rising Sun Slash', 'Equip only to a "Utopia" monster. It cannot be destroyed by card effects. Each time an attack is negated, place 1 Rising Sun Counter on this card. The equipped monster gains 500 ATK for each Rising Sun Counter on this card. If the equipped monster you control would detach its Xyz Material to activate its effect, you can treat this card as 1 of the Xyz Materials.')
('Mushroom Man', 'Found in humid regions, this creature attacks enemies with a lethal rain of poison spores.')
('Gogogo Talisman', 'While you control 2 or more "Gogogo" monsters, you take no effect damage. Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving a "Gogogo" monster you control: You can activate this effect; that monster you control cannot be destroyed by that battle.')
('Voltic Bicorn', "1 Beast-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect), both players send the top 7 cards of their Deck to the Graveyard.")
('Bite Bug', 'If your opponent controls a face-up Xyz Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When you do: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; that monster loses 300 ATK.')
('Tierra, Source of Destruction', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by shuffling 10 other cards with different names from your hand and/or field into the Deck and/or Extra Deck, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's Special Summon cannot be negated. If this card is Special Summoned: Shuffle all cards into the Deck, except this card, from each player's hand, field, Graveyard, and face-up Pendulum Monsters from the Extra Deck. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.")
('Stardust Mirage', 'If you control a Level 8 or higher Dragon Synchro Monster: Special Summon as many monsters as possible from your GY that were destroyed and sent to your GY by battle or an opponent\'s card effect this turn. You can only activate 1 "Stardust Mirage" per turn.')
('Execute Protocols', 'During each Battle Phase: You can banish 1 DARK Link Monster from your GY, then target 1 "Borrel" monster you control; until the end of this turn, it gains ATK equal to the ATK of the monster banished to activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Execute Protocols" once per turn.')
('Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force', 'Target the 1 Xyz Monster you control with the highest Rank (your choice, if tied); Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 monster with the same Type and Attribute as that monster you control but 2 Ranks higher, by using it as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.) During your Draw Phase, if this card is in your GY, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can add this card from your GY to your hand. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this effect, except by the effect of "Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force".')
('Auram the World Chalice Blademaster', '2 "World Chalice" monsters\r\nGains 300 ATK for each "World Legacy" monster in your GY with a different name. You can Tribute 1 "World Chalice" monster this card points to, then target 1 other monster in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Auram the World Chalice Blademaster" once per turn. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "World Chalice" monster from your hand.')
('Tripwire Beast', 'This creature attacks with electromagnetic waves.')
('Metaion, the Timelord', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this Attack Position card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Return as many monsters on the field as possible to the hand (other than this card), and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card returned. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.')
('Rampaging Smashtank Rhynosaber', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nYou can discard any number of cards; this card gains 700 ATK for each card discarded. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can send this card to the GY; Special Summon monsters from your GY whose total Levels equal 7, except "Rampaging Smashtank Rhynosaber", but their effects are negated. You can only use each effect of "Rampaging Smashtank Rhynosaber" once per turn.')
('Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster as Material, it is treated as a Tuner while face-up on the field. Cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can target 1 "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard; this card\'s Level becomes the same as that monster\'s. You can only use this effect of "Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder" once per Duel. If this card that was Synchro Summoned using only Synchro Monsters attacks, this card gains 3000 ATK during the Damage Step only.')
('Damage Diet', 'Halve all damage you take this turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; halve all effect damage you take this turn. (You cannot halve the same damage twice with this effect.)')
('Dark Designator', "Declare 1 Monster Card name. If the declared card is in your opponent's Deck, add 1 of that card to your opponent's hand.")
('Sandaion, the Timelord', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. You can only control 1 "Sandaion, the Timelord". If only your opponent controls a monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Neither player takes battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Inflict 2000 damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.')
('Skull Invitation', 'Each time a card(s) is sent to the Graveyard, inflict 300 damage to its owner for each card sent.')
('Branch!', 'When a Fusion Monster(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of the Fusion Materials in your Graveyard that was used for its Fusion Summon; Special Summon it.')
('Aussa the Earth Charmer, Immovable', '2 monsters, including an EARTH monster\r\n(This card is always treated as a "Familiar-Possessed" card.)\r\nYou can target 1 EARTH monster in your opponent\'s GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect while in its owner\'s Monster Zone: You can add 1 EARTH monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Aussa the Earth Charmer, Immovable" once per turn.')
('Sprigguns Call!', 'Target 1 "Sprigguns" monster or "Fallen of Albaz" in your GY; Special Summon it. During either player\'s turn, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card and 1 Fusion Monster from your GY, then target 1 "Sprigguns" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 Fusion Monster that lists "Fallen of Albaz" as material from your Extra Deck to the targeted monster as material. You can only use each effect of "Sprigguns Call!" once per turn.')
('Medallion of the Ice Barrier', 'Add 1 "Ice Barrier" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant', '1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target up to 2 face-up monsters on the field with DEF lower than this card\'s ATK; destroy those targets. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. During each of your opponent\'s turns, the first "Blackwing" monster you control that would be destroyed by battle, is not destroyed.')
('Mathmech Addition', 'You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters, also Special Summon this card from your hand (but it cannot attack this turn), and if you do, the targeted monster gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Mathmech Addition" once per turn.')
('Grandsoil the Elemental Lord', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 5 EARTH monsters in your GY. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster in either player\'s GY; Special Summon that target. You can only use this effect of "Grandsoil the Elemental Lord" once per turn. If this face-up card leaves the field, skip the Battle Phase of your next turn.')
('Widget Kid', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Cyberse monster from your hand in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Widget Kid" once per turn.')
('Flying Kamakiri #1', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 WIND monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.')
('Eliminating the League', "Discard 1 Spell, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, then look at your opponent's hand and send all cards in their hand with the same name as that destroyed card to the GY.")
('Frenzied Panda', 'A savage beast that carries a big bamboo stick for beating down its enemies.')
('Psi-Reflector', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Assault Mode Activate", or 1 card that specifically lists "Assault Mode Activate" in its text, from your Deck to your hand, except "Psi-Reflector". You can reveal 1 "Assault Mode Activate" in your hand, then target 1 monster in your GY that specifically lists "Assault Mode Activate" in its text, except "Psi-Reflector"; Special Summon it, and if you do, increase its Level by 1 to 4. You can only use each effect of "Psi-Reflector" once per turn.')
('Toon Bookmark', 'Add 1 "Toon World", or 1 card that specifically lists the card "Toon World" in its text, from your Deck to your hand, except "Toon Bookmark". If a "Toon World(s)" you control would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only activate 1 "Toon Bookmark" per turn.')
('Union Scramble', 'Target up to 3 of your banished LIGHT Machine-Type Normal Monsters and/or LIGHT Machine-Type Union monsters; Special Summon them. During either player\'s turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 of your banished LIGHT Machine-Type Normal Monsters or LIGHT Machine-Type Union monsters; return it to the hand. You can only activate 1 "Union Scramble" per turn.')
('Depth Shark', "If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase: This card's ATK becomes double its current ATK until the end of this turn.")
('Ancient Gear Wyvern', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Ancient Gear" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Ancient Gear Wyvern", also you cannot Set cards for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Ancient Gear Wyvern" once per turn. If this card attacks, your opponent\'s monsters cannot activate their effects until the end of the Damage Step.')
("Temple of the Mind's Eye", 'Any battle damage a player takes becomes 1000.')
("Shien's Squire", 'During damage calculation, in either player\'s turn, if a "Six Samurai" monster you control battles: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; that monster cannot be destroyed by battle this turn.')
('Salvage Warrior', 'When this card is Tribute Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Tuner monster from your hand or Graveyard.')
('Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Level 8 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then you can Special Summon it if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. Once per turn, if this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can draw 1 card.')
('Monoceros', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 Spell Card from your hand. When you Synchro Summon using this card and a Beast-Type Tuner monster as the Synchro Material Monsters, you can select 1 Beast-Type Tuner monster used for the Synchro Summon and Special Summon it from the Graveyard.')
('Electric Lizard', 'A non Zombie-Type monster attacking "Electric Lizard" cannot attack on its following turn.')
('Zaborg the Mega Monarch', 'You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 monster on the field; destroy it, then, if it was a LIGHT monster, both players send as many cards as possible from their Extra Deck to the GY, but not more than the original Level/Rank of that destroyed monster. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a LIGHT monster, add this additional effect.\r\n● You choose the cards your opponent sends to the GY.')
('Charge of the Light Brigade', 'Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard; add 1 Level 4 or lower "Lightsworn" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('D/D Savant Copernicus', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "D/D" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated Spell effect that would inflict damage to you, then destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "D/D Savant Copernicus". You can only use this effect of "D/D Savant Copernicus" once per turn.')
('Archfiend of Gilfer', 'When this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; equip that target with this card. That monster loses 500 ATK while equipped with this card.')
('Mahaama the Fairy Dragon', "During your opponent's turn, when either player takes battle damage (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then apply 1 of these effects.\r\n● Gain LP equal to that battle damage.\r\n● Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that battle damage.")
('Oni-Gami Combo', 'Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control and detach all of its Xyz Material; this turn, that target can attack twice during the same Battle Phase.')
('Superheavy Samurai Soulbuster Gauntlet', 'You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or field to that target. It gains 400 DEF. During either player\'s Damage Step, when a Defense Position "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster, and you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; your battling monster\'s DEF becomes double its original DEF until the end of this turn.')
('Advanced Heraldry Art', 'Target 2 "Heraldic Beast" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon both those targets. Immediately after this card resolves, Xyz Summon 1 Xyz Monster using those 2 monsters only.')
('Hyena', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon any number of "Hyenas" from your Deck.')
('Peeking Goblin', 'Your opponent reveals the top 3 cards of their Deck. Choose one to place on the bottom of the Deck and place the other two on top of the Deck in any order.')
('Stealth Bird', 'Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.')
('Evil HERO Lightning Golem', '"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Clayman"\nMust be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Wight Baking', 'This card\'s name becomes "Skull Servant" while in the GY. If a Level 3 or lower Zombie monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can discard this card instead. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 2 monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand, that are "Skull Servant" and/or specifically list the card "Skull Servant" in their text, except "Wight Baking", then discard 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Wight Baking" once per turn.')
('Second Coin Toss', 'When a coin toss is performed, you can choose to redo the coin toss. (If the toss involved multiple coin flips, redo all of them.) You can only use the effect of "Second Coin Toss" once per turn.')
('Grass Phantom', 'This card gains 500 ATK for each "Grass Phantom" in your Graveyard.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Ghoulungulate", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Zombie-Type monster in your hand. If a "Koa\'ki Meiru" monster you control would be destroyed by battle or by a card effect, you can remove from play 1 "Koa\'ki Meiru" monster in your Graveyard instead.')
('Holy Night Blast', 'When your opponent activates a card or effect: Return 1 Level 7 LIGHT Dragon monster you control to the hand; negate that effect, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only activate 1 "Holy Night Blast" per turn.')
('Cash Back', 'When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, by paying their Life Points: Negate the activation, and if you do, return it to the Deck.')
('Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk', '2 Level 4 monsters\nYou can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; equip this monster you control to that target. It gains 1200 ATK. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card in your opponent\'s Graveyard; banish that target. You can use this effect of "Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk" up to twice per turn.')
('Dark Dragon Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Paladin of Dark Dragon". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 4 or more. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Red-Eyes" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Wind-Up Soldier', "During your Main Phase: You can increase this card's Level by 1 and ATK by 400, until the End Phase. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.")
('Double Evolution Pill', 'Banish 1 Dinosaur monster and 1 non-Dinosaur monster from your hand and/or GY; Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher Dinosaur monster from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only activate 1 "Double Evolution Pill" per turn.')
("Leodrake's Mane", 'Select 1 face-up "Naturia" monster you control. Its ATK becomes 3000, and its effects are negated, until the End Phase.')
('Odd-Eyes Vortex Dragon', '1 "Odd-Eyes" monster + 1 Pendulum Monster\r\nWhen this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 opponent\'s face-up Attack Position monster; return it to the hand. When a Spell/Trap Card or another monster\'s effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can shuffle 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck into the Deck, negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "Odd-Eyes Vortex Dragon" once per turn.')
('Noble Arms - Arfeudutyr', 'You can only control 1 "Noble Arms - Arfeudutyr". Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card your opponent controls; the equipped monster loses exactly 500 ATK, and if it does, destroy that target. (This ATK loss remains even if this card leaves the field or the monster becomes unaffected by card effects.) If this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Warrior-Type "Noble Knight" monster you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of "Noble Arms - Arfeudutyr" once per turn.')
('Number 91: Thunder Spark Dragon', '3 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn, you can activate 1 of these effects.\n● Detach 3 Xyz Materials from this card; destroy all other face-up monsters on the field.\n● Detach 5 Xyz Materials from this card; destroy all cards your opponent controls.')
('Number 72: Shogi Rook', '2 Level 6 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls and 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy them, but any battle damage your opponent takes is halved for the rest of this turn.')
('Esper Girl', 'When this removed from play card is Special Summoned, remove from play the top card of your Deck, face-down. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, add that removed card to your hand.')
('Mayhem Fur Hire', 'Target 1 monster "Fur Hire" in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Mayhem Fur Hire" per turn.')
('Double Headed Anger Knuckle', '2 Machine monsters\r\nCannot be used as Link Material. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Double Headed Anger Knuckle" per turn, and only once that turn.\r\n● During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can send 1 monster from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 Level 10 Machine monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects.\r\n● If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 card from your hand or field to the GY; Special Summon this card.')
('Jiaotu, Darkness of the Yang Zing', 'When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck in Attack Position, except "Jiaotu, Darkness of the Yang Zing". If you control no other monsters: You can send 2 "Yang Zing" cards from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster with 0 ATK and 1 "Yang Zing" monster with 0 DEF from your Deck, but banish them during the End Phase. You can only use 1 "Jiaotu, Darkness of the Yang Zing" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Foolish Burial', 'Send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY.')
('Temple of Skulls', 'A mysterious temple of skulls and bones that pulls in unsuspecting enemies.')
('Des Frog', 'When this card is Tribute Summoned, you can Special Summon "Des Frog"(s) from your hand or Deck up to the number of "T.A.D.P.O.L.E."(s) in your Graveyard.')
('Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden Lord', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by shuffling all monsters in your Graveyard into the Deck, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card declares an attack: Send 1 monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Normal Monster in your Graveyard. If this face-up card would leave the field, banish it instead. If there are 5 different "Forbidden One" cards in your Graveyard that were sent there by this card\'s effect, you win the Duel.')
('Red-Eyes Black Flare Dragon', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● If damage calculation is performed involving this card, at the end of the Battle Phase: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to this card\'s original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Red-Eyes Black Flare Dragon" once per turn.')
('Dual Avatar Invitation', 'Discard 1 card, and if you do, Special Summon as many "Dual Avatar Spirit Tokens" as possible (Warrior/LIGHT/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 0), also for the rest of this turn you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Fusion Monsters, and all Tokens you control cannot be Tributed and are destroyed during the End Phase. After Summoning these Token(s), you can apply this effect up to twice.\r\n● Fusion Summon 1 "Dual Avatar" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Dual Avatar Invitation" per turn.')
('BOXer', "When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can place 1 counter on this card. You can send this card with 2 or more counters to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 EARTH monster from your Deck. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can remove 1 counter from this card instead.")
('Gagaga Caesar', 'Cannot attack unless you control another face-up "Gagaga" monster. Once per turn: You can banish 1 monster from your Graveyard that has a Level; the Levels of all face-up "Gagaga" monsters you currently control become the Level of that monster. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.')
('Gladiator Naumachia', 'While you control a "Gladiator Beast" monster, all monsters your opponent controls must attack, if able. Once per turn: You can shuffle 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your hand or GY into the Main Deck, then target 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster you control; it gains ATK equal to its original DEF until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If this card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by card effect: You can activate this effect; this turn, "Gladiator Beast" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Buten', 'During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from the Graveyard to target 1 face-up Level 4 or lower LIGHT Fairy-Type monster you control; it is treated as a Tuner monster while face-up on the field.')
('White Aura Bihamut', '1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nDuring your turn, when this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Divine Dragon Token" (Fish/WATER/Level 10/ATK 3300/DEF 3000) in Defense Position. Once per opponent\'s turn, while you control no Tokens (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Divine Dragon Token". If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your GY, while you control a "Divine Dragon Token": You can Special Summon this card in Defense position.')
('Follow Wind', 'Increase the ATK and DEF of a Winged Beast-Type monster equipped with this card by 300 points.')
('Eradicating Aerosol', 'Destroy all Insect monsters on the field.')
('Final Psychic Ogre', "If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can pay 800 Life Points to select 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard, and add it to your hand.")
('Mirage Dragon', 'Your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards during the Battle Phase.')
('Time Wizard', 'Once per turn: You can toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, destroy all monsters your opponent controls. If you call it wrong, destroy as many monsters you control as possible, and if you do, take damage equal to half the total ATK those destroyed monsters had while face-up on the field.')
('Speedroid Skull Marbles', 'Once per turn, during the Standby Phase, if your opponent controls a face-up monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Cannot be destroyed by battle with a Normal Summoned/Set monster. Your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from battles involving this card. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Skull Marbles" once per turn. If you control a face-up monster that is not a "Speedroid" monster, destroy this card.')
('Destiny HERO - Departed', "During your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position to your opponent's side of the field. If this card is destroyed by battle, banish it instead of sending it to the Graveyard. If a card effect would send this card to the Graveyard from the hand or Deck, banish it instead.")
('Guardian Dreadscythe', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If a "Guardian Eatos" is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is Special Summoned: You can equip 1 "Reaper Scythe - Dreadscythe" from your Deck to this card. You cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters (but you can Normal Set). If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Imairuka', "If this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card and sent to your GY: Send the top card of your Deck to the GY, then, if it is a WATER monster, draw 1 card.")
('Altergeist Multifaker', 'If you activate a Trap Card (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Altergeist" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Altergeist Multifaker". You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except "Altergeist" monsters. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Multifaker" once per turn.')
('Rescue Interlacer', 'During damage calculation, if your Cyberse monster is attacked (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; you take no battle damage from that battle. You can only use this effect of "Rescue Interlacer" once per turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was discarded there to activate this effect this turn: Special Summon this card.')
('Desperate Tag', 'If a face-up Attack Position monster you control is destroyed by battle, during damage calculation, you can reduce the Battle Damage from this battle to 0 and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your hand at the end of the Damage Step.')
("Endymion's Lab", 'This card\'s name becomes "Magical Citadel of Endymion" while in the Spell & Trap Zone. Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. Once per turn, after damage calculation, if your Spellcaster monster is destroyed by battle: You can remove 6 Spell Counters from your field; Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher Spellcaster monster from your hand or Deck. You can only activate 1 "Endymion\'s Lab" per turn.')
('Firewall Guardian', 'If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Link Summon of a Cyberse monster: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. When an attack is declared involving your Link Monster and an opponent\'s Link Monster: You can banish this card from your GY; negate that attack, and if you do, until the end of this turn, the original ATK of that opponent\'s monster becomes 0, also it is unaffected by other card effects, except its own. You can only use each effect of "Firewall Guardian" once per turn.')
('Crystal Blessing', 'Target up to 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters in your Graveyard; place those targets face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as Continuous Spell Cards.')
('Drytron Delta Altais', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with the effect of a "Drytron" card. You can Tribute 1 other "Drytron" monster, or 1 Ritual Monster, from your hand or field; Special Summon this card from your hand or GY in Defense Position, then you can reveal 1 Ritual Monster or 1 Ritual Spell in your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. You cannot Special Summon monsters, except monsters that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set, the turn you activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Drytron Delta Altais" once per turn.')
('Light Bringer Lucifer', 'I am the ruler of all creation sitting atop the supreme throne... let there be light!')
('Elemental HERO Blazeman', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand. During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fusion Monsters, also send 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck to the GY, except "Elemental HERO Blazeman", and if you do, this card\'s Attribute and ATK/DEF become the same as the monster sent to the GY, until the end of this turn. You can only use 1 "Elemental HERO Blazeman" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Mystical Beast of Serket', 'If you do not control "Temple of the Kings", destroy this card. Banish any monster destroyed by battle with this card. If this card destroys a monster by battle: It gains 500 ATK.')
('Cyber Prima', 'If this card is Tribute Summoned: Destroy all face-up Spell Cards on the field.')
('Burning Skull Head', 'When this card is Special Summoned from your hand, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can remove from play this face-up card you control to return 1 removed from play "Skull Flame" to its owner\'s Graveyard.')
('Sprigguns Pede', 'You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Sprigguns" monster in your GY, except "Sprigguns Pede"; Special Summon it. If this card is in your hand, field, or GY: You can target 1 "Sprigguns" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as material. You can only use each effect of "Sprigguns Pede" once per turn.')
('Psychic Blade', 'Pay LP in multiples of 100 (max. 2000); equip this card to a monster. It gains that much ATK and DEF. You can only activate 1 "Psychic Blade" per turn.')
('Umbral Mirage Token', 'Special Summon with the effect of "Corrupted Keys". When Summoned, this Token\'s ATK becomes equal to the current ATK of the Xyz Monster targeted by "Corrupted Keys". This Token cannot attack your opponent directly or be Tributed, except for a Tribute Summon. When that face-up Xyz Monster leaves the field, destroy this Token.')
('Paleozoic Opabinia', '2 Level 2 monsters\nThis card is unaffected by other monsters\' effects. You can activate "Paleozoic" Trap Cards from your hand. If this card has a Trap Card as Xyz Material: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 "Paleozoic" Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Paleozoic Opabinia" once per turn.')
('Farfa, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss', 'If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Farfa, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 monster on the field; banish it until the End Phase.')
('Blackwing - Elphin the Raven', 'If you control a "Blackwing" monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; change that target\'s battle position.')
('Onomatopickup', 'When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Onomat" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Onomatopickup". You can target 1 "Zubaba", "Gagaga", "Gogogo", or "Dododo" monster you control; all monsters you currently control become that monster\'s Level until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Onomatopickup" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Onomatopickup" per turn.')
('Ghostrick Lantern', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack, or when a "Ghostrick" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand in face-down Defense Position.')
('Speedroid Pachingo-Kart', 'Once per turn: You can discard 1 Machine-Type monster, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy it.')
('Cyber Ouroboros', 'When this card is removed from play, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to draw 1 card.')
('Tsukuyomi', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; change that target to face-down Defense Position. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.')
('Thor, Lord of the Aesir', '1 "Nordic Beast" Tuner + 2+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls, until the end of this turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this face-up card you controlled was destroyed by your opponent\'s card and sent to your GY this turn: You can banish 1 "Nordic Beast" Tuner from your GY; Special Summon this card. If Summoned this way: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent.')
('X-Saber Palomuro', 'When another "Saber" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can pay 500 Life Points to Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Magical Merchant', 'FLIP: Excavate cards from the top of your Deck until you excavate a Spell/Trap, then add that card to your hand, also send the remaining cards to the GY.')
('Throwstone Unit', 'Tribute 1 Warrior-Type monster on your side of the field to destroy 1 face-up monster on the field whose DEF is equal to or less than the ATK of this card.')
('Supporter in the Shadows', 'A cute little elf that hides in the shadows and provides spiritual support.')
('Poki Draco', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Poki Draco" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Secret Password', 'Add 1 "Live☆Twin" or "Evil★Twin" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. If you control a "Ki-sikil" monster and control a "Lil-la" monster, you can add 1 "Evil★Twin" monster from your Deck to your hand instead. You can only activate 1 "Secret Password" per turn.')
('The Six Samurai - Zanji', 'At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: Destroy the monster this card attacked. You must control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name to activate and to resolve this effect. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.')
("It's Jinzo!", '"Jinzo" monsters you control are unaffected by your opponent\'s Skill Cards. Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control "Jinzo", you can look at 1 face-down card in your opponent\'s Spell & Trap Zones, and if it is a Trap, draw 1 card.')
('Trap Jammer', 'When your opponent activates a Trap Card during the Battle Phase: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Stray Lambs', 'Special Summon 2 "Lamb Tokens" (Beast/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card (but you can Set).')
('Contract with Exodia', 'If you have all 5 of "Exodia the Forbidden One", "Right Arm of the Forbidden One", "Left Arm of the Forbidden One", "Right Leg of the Forbidden One", and "Left Leg of the Forbidden One" in your Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Exodia Necross" from your hand.')
('Checkmate', 'Tribute 1 Archfiend monster on your side of the field. During this turn, 1 "Terrorking Archfiend" on your side of the field can attack your opponent\'s Life Points directly.')
('Sprigguns Ship Exblower', '2+ Level 8 monsters\r\nYou can choose 1 opponent\'s Monster Zone or Spell & Trap Zone; detach any number of materials from this card, and if you do, destroy that many cards your opponent controls that are in the chosen zone and/or in the Monster Zones or Spell & Trap Zones to the top, bottom, or adjacent to the chosen zone. During your opponent\'s Main or Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can banish this card until the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Sprigguns Ship Exblower" once per turn.')
('Constellar Ptolemy M7', '2 Level 6 monsters\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Constellar" Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material, other than "Constellar Ptolemy M7". (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) If Summoned this way, the following effect cannot be activated this turn. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster on the field or in either player\'s Graveyard; return that target to the hand.')
('Full Armored Black Ray Lancer', "3 Level 4 WATER monsters\r\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 3 WATER Xyz Monster you control that has no Xyz Materials as the Xyz Material. This card gains 200 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can detach all of its Xyz Materials instead. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.")
('Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light', 'You can only control 1 "Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light". If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Generaider" card or 1 Plant monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light". You can only use this effect of "Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light" once per turn.')
('Splash Capture', 'When your opponent Xyz Summons: Banish 2 Fish-Type monsters from your Graveyard to target that face-up Xyz Monster; take control of that target.')
('Security Orb', "When your opponent's monster declares an attack: Target that attacking monster; change that target's battle position. If this Set card is destroyed by your opponent's Spell/Trap effect and sent to the GY: Destroy 1 monster on the field.")
("Dragon's Rage", 'Dragon-Type monsters you control inflict piercing Battle Damage when they attack a Defense Position monster.')
('Transforming Sphere', "Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Defense Position monster your opponent controls; discard 1 card and equip that target to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) This card gains the ATK of the equipped monster. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. During the End Phase: The monster equipped to this card by this card's effect is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field in face-up Defense Position.")
('Beast Striker', 'Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to Special Summon 1 "Moja" from your Deck.')
("Phantom Knights' Spear", 'Each time your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a "The Phantom Knights" monster(s) you control, inflict 500 damage to your opponent immediately after it resolves. If a DARK monster you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('Green Gadget', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Red Gadget" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Speedroid Hexasaucer', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can target 1 of your WIND Synchro Monsters that is banished or in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Hexasaucer" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nBoth players take any battle damage from attacks involving this card. Any battle damage from battles involving this card is halved. If this card is destroyed in the Pendulum Zone: You can Special Summon 1 face-up "Speedroid" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck.')
('Arsenal Robber', 'Your opponent selects 1 Equip Spell Card from his/her Deck and sends it to the Graveyard.')
('Knightmare Phoenix', '2 monsters with different names\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy it, then, if this card was co-linked when this effect was activated, you can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Knightmare Phoenix" once per turn. Co-linked monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Mermail Abyssocea', 'You can target 1 "Mermail" monster you control; Special Summon any number of Level 4 or lower "Mermail" monsters from your Deck whose combined Levels are less than or equal to the Level of that monster, then send that monster to the Graveyard. You can only use the effect of "Mermail Abyssocea" once per turn.')
('Galaxy Soldier', 'You can send 1 other LIGHT monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. When this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Galaxy" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.')
('Wattpheasant', 'This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, select 1 face-up monster on the field and remove it from play until the End Phase of this turn.')
('Crimson Knight Vampire Bram', '2 Level 5 Zombie monsters\r\nYou can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; Special Summon that target to your field, but only that monster can attack for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Crimson Knight Vampire Bram" once per turn. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the next turn after this card you controlled was destroyed by your opponent\'s card and sent to your GY: Special Summon this card in Defense Position.')
('Parlor Dragonmaid', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Dragonmaid" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Parlor Dragonmaid". At the start of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 8 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Parlor Dragonmaid" once per turn.')
('Gauntlet Warrior', "During either player's turn: You can Tribute this card; each Warrior-Type monster you currently control gains 500 ATK and DEF, until the end of the next Damage Step that monster attacks or is attacked.")
('Green Turtle Summoner', 'FLIP: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Knightmare Gryphon', '2+ monsters with different names\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Spell/Trap in your GY; Set it to your field, but it cannot be activated this turn, then, if this card was co-linked when this effect was activated, you can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Knightmare Gryphon" once per turn. Special Summoned monsters on the field cannot activate their effects, unless they are linked.')
('Reptilianne Servant', 'Destroy this card if there are face-up monsters on the field other than this card. Destroy this card when it is targeted by the effect of a Spell or Trap Card. Neither player can Normal Summon a monster while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Aqua Story - Urashima', 'If you have an "Aquaactress" monster in your Graveyard: Target 1 monster on the field; until the end of this turn, its effects are negated, its ATK and DEF become 100, also it is unaffected by your opponent\'s card effects.')
('The Dragon Dwelling in the Deep', "Place 1 Ocean Counter on this card during each player's Standby Phase. When this card is removed from the field, all Fish-Type and Sea Serpent-Type monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each Ocean Counter on this card, until the End Phase.")
('Shooting Star', 'If a "Stardust" monster is on the field: Target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Hushed Psychic Cleric', "If this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: Change it to Defense Position. Once per turn: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard; banish that target. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster banished by this card's effect; Special Summon that target.")
('Curse of the Masked Beast', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "The Masked Beast". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 8 or more.')
('Wattcobra', 'This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Add 1 "Watt" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Umi', 'All Fish, Sea Serpent, Thunder, and Aqua monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF, also all Machine and Pyro monsters on the field lose 200 ATK/DEF.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Crusader", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster in your hand. If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, you can add 1 "Koa\'ki Meiru" card from your Graveyard to your hand.')
('Number F0: Utopic Future - Future Slash', '2 Xyz Monsters with the same Rank, except "Number" monsters\r\n(This card\'s original Rank is always treated as 1.)\r\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Utopia" monster or "Number F0: Utopic Future" you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) Gains 500 ATK for each "Number" Xyz Monster in the GY. Cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn. ')
('Shining Elf', '2 Level 2 monsters\nWhen your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; that monster(s) loses 500 ATK.')
('Cyclon Laser', 'You can only equip this card to "Gradius". Increase the ATK of "Gradius" by 300 points. When the equipped "Gradius" attacks with an ATK that is higher than the DEF of a Defense Position monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent\'s Life Points.')
('Wattcine', 'When a Thunder-Type monster you control inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, gain Life Points equal to the damage inflicted.')
('Constellar Praesepe', '2 Level 4 "Constellar" monsters\nOnce per turn, during the Damage Step of either player\'s turn, when a "Constellar" monster you control is attacking or being attacked: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; that monster gains 1000 ATK, until the End Phase.')
('Spatial Collapse', 'You can only activate this card if both you and your opponent each have 5 or less cards on the field. The maximum number of cards that each player can have on the field is 5.')
("Thunder Dragons' Hundred Thunders", 'Target 1 Thunder monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then you can Special Summon as many monsters with that same name as possible from your GY. The monster(s) Special Summoned by this effect are banished when they leave the field, also while they are face-up on the field, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Thunder monsters. You can only activate 1 "Thunder Dragons\' Hundred Thunders" per turn.')
('Mutant Mindmaster', 'When this card declares an attack, you can take control of 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls, and attack with it instead of this monster. It cannot attack your opponent directly. Return it to your opponent at the end of the Battle Phase.')
('Coach Captain Bearman', 'You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 1300. Once per turn: You can make all Level 4 Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you currently control become Level 8 until the end of this turn. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a FIRE Warrior-Type monster.')
('Valerifawn, Mystical Beast of the Forest', 'You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Level 2 or lower Beast monster in your GY, except "Valerifawn, Mystical Beast of the Forest"; Special Summon it in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Valerifawn, Mystical Beast of the Forest" once per turn.')
('Sunvine Thrasher', '1 Plant Normal Monster\r\nIf a "Sunavalon" Link Monster(s) you control leaves the field by card effect: Destroy this card. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Sunavalon" Link Monster on the field; this card gains ATK equal to its Link Rating x 800. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the GY: You can Special Summon that monster to your zone a Link Monster points to, but negate its effects.')
('Search Striker', "If this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, you can destroy the monster immediately with this card's effect without flipping it face-up or applying damage calculation. If you do, this card is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. This card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, except with a card effect.")
('Energy-Absorbing Monolith', "Chain this card to an opponent's card effect that would inflict damage to you. That damage is negated, and you gain Life Points equal to the amount you would have taken.")
('Destiny HERO - Captain Tenacious', 'Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can target 1 "Destiny HERO" monster in your Graveyard that was destroyed by battle since your last Standby Phase, if you controlled this face-up card when the target was destroyed; Special Summon that target.')
('Glorious Numbers', 'If you control no monsters: Target 1 "Number" Xyz Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then draw 1 card. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Number" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 card from your hand to it as material. You can only use each effect of "Glorious Numbers" once per turn.')
('Flamvell Guard', 'A Flamvell guardian who commands fire with his will. His magma-hot barrier protects his troops from intruders.')
('Deep Sea Minstrel', 'You can discard this card and 1 WATER monster; look at your opponent\'s hand and banish 1 card from their hand face-up, until the End Phase. If this card is Special Summoned: You can send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY, then target 1 Level 4 or lower WATER monster in your GY, except "Deep Sea Minstrel"; place it on the top or bottom of the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Deep Sea Minstrel" once per turn.')
('Moon Dragon Quilla', '"Supay" + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is targeted for an attack: Gain LP equal to half the attacking monster\'s ATK. If this card on the field is destroyed: You can target 1 "Sun Dragon Inti" in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Patrol Robo', "During your Standby Phase, you can look at 1 face-down card that's been Set by your opponent as long as this card remains face-up on the field.")
('Windwitch - Crystal Bell', '"Windwitch - Winter Bell" + 1 "Windwitch" monster\r\nYou can target 1 monster in either player\'s Graveyard; until the End Phase, this card\'s name becomes that target\'s original name, and replace this effect with that target\'s original effects. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Windwitch - Winter Bell" and 1 Level 4 or lower "Windwitch" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon them. You can only use each effect of "Windwitch - Crystal Bell" once per turn.')
('Cairngorgon, Antiluminescent Knight', "2 Level 4 monsters\nDuring either player's turn, when another card or effect is activated that targets exactly 1 card on the field (and no other cards): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target another card on the field that would be an appropriate target for that card/effect; that card/effect now targets the new target.")
('Blaster, Dragon Ruler of Infernos', 'If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can banish a total of 2 FIRE and/or Dragon-Type monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, except this card; Special Summon this card. During your opponent\'s End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned: Return it to the hand. You can discard this card and 1 FIRE monster to the Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target. If this card is banished: You can add 1 FIRE Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Blaster, Dragon Ruler of Infernos" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Steelswarm Gatekeeper', 'If a "Steelswarm" monster is Tribute Summoned face-up while this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon or Set 1 monster in addition to your Normal Summon or Set that turn.')
('Space Gift', 'Draw 1 card for each different "Neo-Spacian" name on the monsters you control.')
('Aroma Gardening', 'If you Normal or Special Summon an "Aroma" monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can gain 1000 LP. When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack, while your LP are lower than your opponent\'s: You can Special Summon 1 "Aroma" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Aroma Gardening" once per turn.')
('Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 "Cubic" monsters you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If Summoned this way, this card gains 3000 ATK. This card can make a second and third attack during each Battle Phase. If this card in your possession is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent\'s card (by battle or card effect): You can target up to 3 "Cubic" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them, then you can add 1 "Cubic" card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.')
('Super Quantal Fairy Alphan', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 "Super Quant" monster you control; all face-up monsters you currently control become that monster\'s Level. You can Tribute this card; reveal 3 "Super Quant" monsters with different names from your Deck, your opponent randomly picks 1 for you to Special Summon to your field, and you send the rest to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Super Quantal Fairy Alphan" once per turn.')
('Darklight', 'Tribute 1 DARK monster with 1500 or more ATK; destroy all monsters that were Special Summoned this turn.')
('Sparks', "Inflict 200 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.")
('Gadarla, the Mystery Dust Kaiju', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent\'s side of the field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can remove 3 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; the ATK and DEF of all other monsters on the field become halved.')
('Hundred Dragon', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; until the end of this turn, increase this card\'s Level by the number of cards you control, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to the Level increase x 100. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 face-up monster you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; the first time that face-up monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, it is not destroyed. You can only use this effect of "Hundred Dragon" once per turn.')
('Vishwar Randi', 'This lady warrior with unquenchable bloodlust serves the forces of darkness.')
('Beast Fangs', 'A Beast-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.')
('Cosmic Flare', 'Target 1 "Stardust" Synchro Monster you control; this turn, if that Synchro Monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster, shuffle that opponent\'s monster into the Deck at the start of the Damage Step. If a "Stardust" Synchro Monster you control would Tribute itself to activate its effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead.')
('The Forces of Darkness', 'Target 2 "Dark World" monsters in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand.')
('Instant Neo Space', 'Equip only to a Fusion Monster that lists "Elemental HERO Neos" as material. It does not have to activate its effect during the End Phase to shuffle itself into the Extra Deck. If the equipped monster leaves the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO Neos" from your hand, Deck, or GY.')
('Lightray Diabolos', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 5 or more LIGHT monsters with different names in your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can banish 1 LIGHT monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 Set card your opponent controls; reveal that target, then place that target on either the top or bottom of the Deck.')
('Performapal Springoose', 'You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 2 cards among the Pendulum Monsters you control and/or the "Magician" and "Performapal" cards in your Pendulum Zone; return both to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Springoose" once per turn.')
('Arcana Reading', 'Toss a coin and apply the appropriate effect, or, if "Light Barrier" is in your Field Zone, choose which effect to apply without tossing a coin.\r\n● Heads: Add 1 card that has a coin tossing effect from your Deck to your hand, except "Arcana Reading".\r\n● Tails: Your opponent adds 1 card from their Deck to their hand.\r\nYou can banish this card from your GY; immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Arcana Force" monster from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Arcana Reading" once per turn.')
('Evil Blast', "Activate only when a monster is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field. Equip this card to that monster. It gains 500 ATK. During each of your opponent's Standby Phases, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.")
('Dawn of the Herald', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Herald of Perfection". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal exactly 6. When "Herald of Perfection" is Ritual Summoned by this card\'s effect: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 of the monsters in your Graveyard that was Tributed for that Ritual Summon; return that target to your hand.')
('Goblin of Greed', 'As long as this card remains face-up on your side of the field, neither player can activate an effect by discarding from his/her hand.')
('Windrose the Elemental Lord', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 5 WIND monsters in your GY. If this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all Spells and Traps your opponent controls. You can only use this effect of "Windrose the Elemental Lord" once per turn. If this face-up card leaves the field, skip the Battle Phase of your next turn.')
("Tyrant's Tirade", 'Tribute 2 monsters. Effects of Effect Monsters that activate in the hand or on the field cannot be activated.')
('Hazy Pillar', 'You can Normal Summon "Hazy Flame" monsters for 1 less Tribute. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 "Hazy Flame" monster from your hand or your side of the field to that Xyz Monster as an Xyz Material.')
('Gladiator Beast Laquari', 'If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, its original ATK becomes 2100. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Laquari".')
('Plunder Patrollship Lys', '2 "Plunder Patroll" monsters\r\nDuring the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Plunder Patroll" Monster Card from your hand or face-up Spell & Trap Zone. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 "Plunder Patroll" card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then if this card is equipped with a "Plunder Patroll" card, you can add 1 "Plunder Patroll" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Plunder Patrollship Lys" once per turn.')
('Servant of Catabolism', "This monster may attack your opponent's Life Points directly.")
('Planckton', 'Apply these effects until the end of this turn.\n● Rank 3 or lower Xyz Monsters gain 500 ATK and DEF.\n● Rank 4 or higher Xyz Monsters cannot attack.')
('Heroic Challenger - Swordshield', 'During either player\'s turn, if you control a face-up "Heroic" monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; for the rest of this turn, you take no Battle Damage and "Heroic" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Evil★Twin GG EZ', 'You can Tribute 1 "Ki-sikil" monster or 1 "Lil-la" monster, then activate 1 of the following effects.\r\n● You can target 1 "Ki-sikil" monster or 1 "Lil-la" monster you control; it gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the Tributed monster, until the end of this turn.\r\n● When a card or effect is activated that would destroy a card(s) on the field: You can negate that effect.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Evil★Twin GG EZ" once per turn.')
('Limiter Removal', 'Double the ATK of all Machine monsters you currently control, until the end of this turn. During the End Phase of this turn, destroy those monsters.')
('Mind Crush', "Declare 1 card name; if that card is in your opponent's hand, they must discard all copies of it, otherwise you discard 1 random card.")
('Giant Trap Hole', 'When 2 or more monsters are Special Summoned at the same time: Destroy all monsters on the field.')
('Tailor of the Fickle', 'Switch 1 Equip Card equipped to a monster to another correct target.')
('Mad Lobster', 'A gourmet food renowned by the Dark World upper crust. It has sensational flavor.')
('Metaphys Ragnarok', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can banish the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if you do, this card gains 300 ATK for each "Metaphys" card banished by this effect. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Metaphys" monster from your Deck, but banish it during the End Phase of the next turn. You can only use each effect of "Metaphys Ragnarok" once per turn.')
('Gem-Knight Sardonyx', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Toy Knight', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Toy Knight" from your hand.')
('Drytron Zeta Aldhibah', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with the effect of a "Drytron" card. You can Tribute 1 other "Drytron" monster, or 1 Ritual Monster, from your hand or field; Special Summon this card from your hand or GY in Defense Position, then you can add 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand. You cannot Special Summon monsters, except monsters that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set, the turn you activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Drytron Zeta Aldhibah" once per turn.')
('Mayakashi Return', 'Take 1 "Mayakashi" card from your Deck, except "Mayakashi Return", and either add it to your hand or send it to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Mayakashi Return" per turn.')
('Behemoth the King of All Animals', "This card can be Normal Summoned or Set with 1 Tribute. In that case, the original ATK of this card becomes 2000. When this card is Tribute Summoned, you can return from your Graveyard to the owner's hand a number of Beast-Type monsters equal to the number of Tributed monsters.")
('Heavy Metal Raiders (Skill Card)', 'The first time each DARK Machine monster you control would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed, and if you took battle damage from the battle, it gains that much ATK after damage calculation, and keeps that ATK gain as long as this card is on the field. Once per turn, if a monster you control that was originally a DARK Machine destroys a card(s) on the field by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 DARK Machine monster from your hand. ')
('Malicevorous Knife', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Malicevorous" monster in your Graveyard except "Malicevorous Knife"; Special Summon that target.')
('Flower Cardian Moonflowerviewing', '1 Tuner + 2 non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per turn, during your Main Phase: You can draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then, if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster, you can Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions, and it can attack directly this turn. If you activated this effect, skip the Draw Phase of your next turn. When this card is used as Synchro Material, you can treat it and all other Synchro Materials (that have a Level) as Level 2 monsters.')
('Toon Cannon Soldier', 'This card cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon Monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. You can Tribute 1 monster; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Battleguard King', 'Once per turn: You can Tribute any number of Warrior-Type monsters, except this card; for each Tributed monster, this card gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('Hunter of Black Feathers', 'While your opponent controls 2 or more face-up monsters, all of the same Type, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to select and destroy 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.')
('Block Spider', 'Your opponent cannot target Insect-Type monsters for attacks, except this one. If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Block Spider" from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Block Spider" once per turn.')
('Fulfillment of the Contract', 'Activate this card by paying 800 LP, then target 1 Ritual Monster in your GY; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. When this card is destroyed, banish the equipped monster.')
('Opti-Camouflage Armor', "You can only equip this card to a Level 1 monster. A monster equipped with this card can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.")
('Ascending Soul', 'Once per turn, when a Ritual Monster(s) is Ritual Summoned: You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard that was Tributed for the Ritual Summon; add that target to your hand.')
('Jormungandr, Generaider Boss of Eternity', '2+ Level 9 monsters\r\nYou can only control 1 "Jormungandr, Generaider Boss of Eternity". This card\'s original ATK/DEF become 1000 x its number of materials. (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; each player draws 1 card, then each player that drew attaches 1 card from their hand or field to this card. You can only use this effect of "Jormungandr, Generaider Boss of Eternity" once per turn.')
('Daikaminari Gyclops', 'If this card, Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, is used for a Synchro Summon, banish it. If this card is Normal Summoned: You can change the battle position of this card. You can only use each of the following effects of "Daikaminari Gyclops" once per turn. If the battle position of this card is changed: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it. If this card in the Pendulum Zone is destroyed: You can return 1 card in your Pendulum Zone to the hand.')
('Hero Medal', "When this Set card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, shuffle this card into its owner's Deck. Then draw 1 card.")
('Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon', '3 Level 9 monsters\nIf this card has a "Cipher" card as Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can detach up to 3 Xyz Materials from this card; monsters you control cannot attack your opponent directly for the rest of this turn, except this card, also for each Material detached, take control of 1 opponent\'s face-up monster until the End Phase, but while this effect is applied, they have their effects negated, their ATK\'s become 4500, also their names become "Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon".')
('Samsara, Dragon of Rebirth', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card you control is sent to your Graveyard by an opponent\'s card effect: You can target 1 monster in either player\'s Graveyard, except "Samsara, Dragon of Rebirth"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Samsara, Dragon of Rebirth" once per turn.')
('Generaider Boss Quest', 'Reveal 1 "Generaider" monster in your hand, and if you do, add up to 2 "Generaider" Spells/Traps with different names from each other from your Deck to your hand, except "Generaider Boss Quest". Then place the revealed card on the bottom of your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Generaider Boss Quest" per turn.')
('Dual Avatar Turning', 'Target 1 "Dual Avatar" monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Dual Avatar" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck, whose original Level is 1 higher or 1 lower than the destroyed monster. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Dual Avatar" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Dual Avatar Turning" once per turn.')
('Pot of Generosity', 'Return 2 cards from your hand to your Deck. Then shuffle your Deck.')
('Metaphys Decoy Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhen your monster is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 of your "Metaphys" monsters that is banished or in your GY; banish this card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster in Attack Position. You can only use this effect of "Metaphys Decoy Dragon" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen your monster is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 of your "Metaphys" monsters that is banished or in your GY; banish this card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster in Attack Position. During the Standby Phase of the next turn after this card was banished: You can Special Summon this banished card. You can only use each effect of "Metaphys Decoy Dragon" once per turn.')
('Hi-Speedroid Chanbara', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nThis card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles: It gains 200 ATK. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 of your banished "Speedroid" cards; add it to your hand. You can only Special Summon "Hi-Speedroid Chanbara(s)" once per turn.')
('Dogmatika Encounter', 'Activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Special Summon 1 "Dogmatika" monster or 1 "Nullius Filius of Albus" from your hand.\r\n● Take 1 "Dogmatika" monster or 1 "Nullius Filius of Albus" from your GY, and either add it to your hand or Special Summon it.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Dragma Encounter" per turn.')
('Spider Egg', 'When your opponent declares a direct attack, while you have 3 or more Insect monsters in your GY: Negate the attack, and if you do, Special Summon 3 "Spider Tokens" (Insect/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 100) in Attack Position.')
('Book of Secret Arts', 'A Spellcaster-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.')
('Aqua Armor Ninja', 'When your opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack, if you have another "Ninja" monster in your Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target the attacking monster; negate that attack.')
('Quickdraw Synchron', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 monster from your hand to the GY. For a Synchro Summon, you can substitute this card for any 1 "Synchron" Tuner. Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a monster that lists a "Synchron" Tuner as material.')
('Five-Headed Link Dragon', "5 monsters\r\nMust be Link Summoned. If this card is Link Summoned using DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, and WIND Attributes: You can destroy all cards your opponent controls. Cannot be destroyed by battle with a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or WIND monster. Unaffected by other cards' effects. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: You must banish 5 cards from your GY face-down (this is not optional), or send this card to the GY.")
('Personal Spoofing', 'Once per turn: You can shuffle 1 "Altergeist" card from your hand or face-up from your field into the Main Deck; add 1 "Altergeist" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Dragodies, the Empowered Warrior', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nAt the start of the Damage Step, if a monster you control battles an opponent\'s face-up monster: You can discard 1 card; the opponent\'s battling monster\'s ATK and DEF become half its current ATK and DEF (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card in its owner\'s Monster Zone is destroyed by your opponent\'s attack or card effect: You can add 1 Warrior or Spellcaster-Type monster with 2000 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand, except "Dragodies, the Empowered Warrior", during the End Phase of this turn.')
('Elemental HERO Necroid Shaman', '"Elemental HERO Wildheart" + "Elemental HERO Necroshade"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, then Special Summon 1 monster from your opponent\'s Graveyard to their side of the field.')
('Deep Diver', 'At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Choose 1 monster from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.')
('Vile Germs', 'A Plant-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.')
('Vessel Miko of the Ice Barrier', 'While you control another "Ice Barrier" monster, Defense Position monsters your opponent controls cannot change their battle positions. You can only use each of the following effects of "Vessel Miko of the Ice Barrier" once per turn. If you control an "Ice Barrier" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you control an "Ice Barrier" monster: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Ice Barrier Token" (Aqua/WATER/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0).')
('Gilford the Legend', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can equip as many Equip Spell Cards from your Graveyard as possible to a Warrior-Type monster(s) you control.')
('Magical Arm Shield', 'When your opponent declares an attack while you control a monster: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, except the attacking monster; take control of that target until the end of the Battle Phase, and if you do, it is attacked instead, and you proceed to damage calculation.')
('Iron Core Armor', 'Equip only to a "Koa\'ki Meiru" monster. During damage calculation only, monsters that battle with the equipped monster lose ATK equal to the equipped monster\'s Level x 100. If the equipped monster would be destroyed during the End Phase, you can send this card to the Graveyard instead.')
('Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon', "2 Level 8 monsters\r\nOnce per Battle Phase, at the start of your Battle Phase: You can detach 1 material from this card; all other face-up monsters currently on the field have their effects negated, also their ATK/DEF become their original ATK/DEF, and if you do any of these, during the Battle Phase this turn, each time an opponent's card effect resolves, this card gains 1000 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase, also, it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.")
('Leng Ling', 'Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. The original ATK of a monster equipped with this card becomes 1000, it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.')
('Inferno Fire Blast', 'Target 1 "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" in your Monster Zone; inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK. "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" cannot attack the turn you activate this card.')
('Dark Contract with the Yamimakai', 'Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage.\nYou can only use 1 of the following effects of "Dark Contract with the Yamimakai" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● During your Main Phase: You can target 1 "D/D" Pendulum Monster in your Graveyard; place it in your Pendulum Zone.\n● During your Main Phase: You can place 1 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck in your Pendulum Zone.')
('Genex Blastfan', 'When this card is Special Summoned, you can add 1 DARK "Genex" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Gem-Knight Amethyst', '1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Aqua-Type monster\nMust first be Fusion Summoned. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Return all Set Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand.')
('Performapal Bit Bite Turtle', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can reveal 1 "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monster in your hand, and if you do, reduce the Levels of monsters in your hand with that name by 1 for the rest of this turn (even after they are Summoned/Set, and even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card is destroyed by battle: You can destroy the monster that destroyed it.')
('Fusion Party!', 'Activate this Skill during your Main Phase. Once per Duel, you can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material.')
('Borrelsword Dragon', "3+ Effect Monsters\r\nCannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Attack Position monster; change it to Defense Position, also, this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. Once per turn, when this card declares an attack on a face-up monster: You can activate this effect; until the end of this turn, this card gains ATK equal to half that monster's current ATK, and if it does, that monster's current ATK is halved.")
('Powerful Rebirth', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon that target. Increase its Level by 1 and ATK and DEF by 100. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('Destruction Cyclone', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-WIND monsters.')
('Obliterate!!!', 'You can target 1 monster on the field; send 1 "Forbidden One" monster or "Exodia" card from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, return that target to the hand. If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Forbidden One" monster or "Exodia" card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use 1 "Obliterate!!!" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Starship Spy Plane', 'If your opponent controls a face-up Xyz Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is Special Summoned from the hand: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.')
('Topologic Bomber Dragon', "2+ Effect Monsters\nIf another monster is Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to, while this monster is on the field: Destroy all monsters in the Main Monster Zones, also your other monsters cannot attack for the rest of this turn. After damage calculation, if this card attacked an opponent's monster: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK.")
('Bayonater, the Baneful Barrel', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 1000 ATK for each monster your opponent controls.')
('Ancient Pixie Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nAfter resolving a Field Spell Card that was activated during your turn: Draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Ancient Pixie Dragon" once per turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Attack Position monster on the field; destroy that target. There must be a face-up Field Spell Card on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Evo-Force', 'Tribute 1 "Evoltile" monster; Special Summon 1 "Evolsaur" monster from your Deck. It is treated as if it was Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster.')
('Steelswarm Caller', 'When a "Steelswarm" monster is Tribute Summoned face-up by Tributing this card: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Steelswarm" monster from your Deck.')
('Tornado Wall', 'Activate only while "Umi" is on the field. While "Umi" is face-up on the field, you take no Battle Damage from attacking monsters. Destroy this card when "Umi" leaves the field.')
('Trickstar Band Sweet Guitar', '1 "Trickstar" Link Monster + 1 "Trickstar" monster\r\nEffect damage inflicted to your opponent by your "Trickstar" Link Monster linked to this card is doubled. If your opponent takes damage by a "Trickstar" monster\'s effect: This card gains ATK equal to the damage they took. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card attacked this turn: The ATK gained from this effect returns to 0, then you can add 1 "Trickstar" monster from your GY to your hand.')
('Tuning Magician', 'If you have 2 "Magician" cards in your Pendulum Zones, while this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Tuning Magician" once per turn. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Your opponent gains 400 LP, then you take 400 damage.')
('Soldier Gaia The Fierce Knight', '(Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 Dragon Fusion Monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Attack Position monster on the field; change it to Defense Position. You can Tribute this card; add 1 Level 7 or higher Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Soldier Gaia The Fierce Knight". You can only use each effect of "Soldier Gaia The Fierce Knight" once per turn.')
('Orient Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: Target 1 Synchro Monster your opponent controls; banish that target.')
('Field Barrier', 'Field Spell Cards on the field cannot be destroyed. Neither player can activate a new Field Spell Card. You can only control 1 "Field Barrier".')
('Revival Gift', 'Select 1 Tuner monster from your Graveyard and Special Summon it. Its effects are negated. Special Summon 2 "Gift Fiend Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 3/ATK 1500/DEF 1500) to your opponent\'s side of the field.')
('Storm Caller', "You can put your opponent's monsters that are destroyed by battle with other Psychic-Type monsters on top of their owner's Deck instead of sending them to the Graveyard. When this card is destroyed by a card effect, this card's controller takes damage equal to its original ATK.")
('Lucent, Netherlord of Dark World', "If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Special Summon it from the Graveyard, then, if this card was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, you can Special Summon 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Deck to either side of the field.")
('Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste', "1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster + 1 Warrior-Type monster\nMust first be Fusion Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster in the Graveyard; banish that target, and if you do, until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that monster's, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. While this card is in Attack Position, your opponent takes any effect damage you would have taken from their card effects, instead.")
('Dark Spirit of Malice', 'When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 Level 8 Fiend monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated. If a Level 8 Fiend monster(s) is sent to your GY while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Dark Spirit of Malice" once per turn.')
('Rescue Ferret', 'You can shuffle this card you control into the Deck; Special Summon monster(s) from your Deck, except "Rescue Ferret", whose total Levels equal 6, to your zone(s) a Link Monster(s) points to, but those Summoned monsters have their effects negated, also destroy them during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Rescue Ferret" once per turn.')
('Phantasmal Lord Ultimitl Bishbaalkin', '(This card\'s original Level is always treated as 12.)\nCannot be Synchro Summoned. Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending 2 Level 8 or higher monsters you control with the same Level to the Graveyard (1 Tuner and 1 non-Tuner), and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be destroyed by card effects. This card gains 1000 ATK for each monster on the field. Once per turn, during either player\'s Main Phase: You can Special Summon the same number of "Utchatzimime Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) on each player\'s field in Defense Position, so as to Summon as many as possible, also this card cannot attack for the rest of this turn.')
('Reese the Ice Mistress', 'This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a Level 4 or higher monster.')
('Dai Dance', 'Choose 1 opponent\'s unused Main Monster Zone; if your opponent would Normal or Special Summon a monster to their Main Monster Zone, and the chosen zone can be used, they must use that zone. (They cannot Summon multiple monsters to their Main Monster Zones while this effect is applied.) This effect applies until the zone is occupied or becomes unusable. You can only apply the effect of "Dai Dance" once per Duel.')
("Harpie's Pet Dragon", 'Gains 300 ATK/DEF for each "Harpie Lady" on the field.')
('Chaos Betrayer', 'If this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your GY, except "Chaos Betrayer"; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 card in your opponent\'s GY; banish it. You can only use each effect of "Chaos Betrayer" once per turn.')
('Thunder Dragon Colossus', '"Thunder Dragon" + 1 Thunder monster\r\nMust be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned during the turn a Thunder monster\'s effect was activated in the hand, by Tributing 1 Thunder Effect non-Fusion Monster (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). Cards cannot be added from the Main Deck to your opponent\'s hand except by drawing them. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish 1 Thunder monster from your GY instead.')
('Regulus', 'Once per turn, you can select 1 Field Spell Card in your Graveyard. Return it to the Deck.')
('Electro-Whip', 'Increase the ATK and DEF of a Thunder-Type monster equipped with this card by 300 points.')
('Pendulum Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials. If you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones, you can also use cards in your Pendulum Zones as Fusion Material(s). You can only activate 1 "Pendulum Fusion" per turn.')
('Igknight Crusader', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nThis impulsive Igknight warrior is fanatical about the causes he fights for. Because of this passion, his comrades try to keep him at arm\'s length.')
('Geargiarsenal', 'This card gains 200 ATK for each "Geargia" monster you control. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Geargia" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Geargiarsenal".')
('Ancient Gear Engineer', 'Negate any Trap effects that target this card, and if you do, destroy that Trap Card. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Dragunity Arma Leyvaten', 'You can Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard by removing from play 1 face-up monster you control equipped with a "Dragunity" card(s). When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, you can select 1 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Dragunity Arma Leyvaten", and equip it to this card. When this card is sent to the Graveyard by your opponent\'s card effect, you can select 1 of the monsters that were equipped to this card when it was sent to the Graveyard, and Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard.')
('Kojikocy', 'A man-hunter with powerful arms that can crush boulders.')
('Worm Opera', 'FLIP: All face-up monsters on the field lose 500 ATK, except Reptile-Type "Worm" monsters.')
('The Lady in Wight', 'Face-up Level 3 or lower Zombie-Type monsters on the field, except "The Lady in Wight", cannot be destroyed by battle and are unaffected by Spell/Trap effects. This card\'s name becomes "Skull Servant" while it is in the Graveyard.')
('Gash the Dust Lord', 'When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Increase the Level of this card by 1 (max. 12).')
('Simorgh, Bird of Calamity', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Simorgh" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Simorgh, Bird of Calamity". If this card is in your GY and your opponent controls no cards in their Spell & Trap Zone: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Winged Beast monsters. You can only use each effect of "Simorgh, Bird of Calamity" once per turn.')
('Cherubini, Ebon Angel of the Burning Abyss', '2 Level 3 monsters\r\nMonsters this card points to cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this card would be destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect, you can send 1 other card you control to the GY instead. You can send 1 Level 3 monster from your Deck to the GY, then target 1 "Burning Abyss" monster on the field; it gains ATK/DEF equal to the ATK/DEF of the monster sent to the GY, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Cherubini, Ebon Angel of the Burning Abyss" once per turn.')
('Evil Eye of Selene', 'Equip only to an "Evil Eye" monster. It cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent\'s card effects, also your opponent cannot target it with card effects. Each time you activate the equipped monster\'s effect, or you activate another "Evil Eye" Spell/Trap Card: The equipped monster gains 500 ATK, and if it does, you lose 500 LP. (This ATK gain remains even if this card leaves the field.) If this card is in your GY: You can pay 1000 LP, then banish 1 "Evil Eye" Spell/Trap from your GY, except "Evil Eye of Selene"; Set this card. You can only use this effect of "Evil Eye of Selene" once per turn.')
('Gem-Knight Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or your side of the field as Fusion Materials. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 "Gem-Knight" monster from your Graveyard; add this card to your hand.')
('Lilith, Lady of Lament', 'If this card is Normal Summoned, its original ATK becomes 1000. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 DARK monster; reveal 3 Normal Traps from your Deck, your opponent randomly chooses 1 for you to Set on your field, and you shuffle the rest back into your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Lilith, Lady of Lament" once per turn.')
('Karakuri Cash Shed', 'Activate only if you control a "Karakuri" monster in face-up Defense Position. Negate the activation of an opponent\'s Spell/Trap Card and destroy it.')
('Elemental HERO Electrum', '"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" + "Elemental HERO Clayman" + "Elemental HERO Bubbleman"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. While face-up on the field, this card is also WIND, WATER, FIRE, and EARTH-Attribute. When this card is Fusion Summoned: Shuffle all banished cards into the Deck(s). This card gains 300 ATK for each monster your opponent controls that shares an Attribute with this card.')
('Xyz Revenge', 'If your opponent controls a face-up Xyz Monster that has Xyz Material: Target 1 Xyz monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, then detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster your opponent controls and attach it to that monster as an Xyz Material. You can only activate 1 "Xyz Revenge" per turn.')
('Magicat', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a Spellcaster-Type Synchro Monster, you can return 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.')
('Lost Guardian', 'The original DEF of this card equals the number of your banished Rock-Type monsters × 700.')
('Call of the Reaper', 'Activate only when a monster(s) is Special Summoned from your Graveyard. Select and Special Summon 1 "Supay" or 1 "Fire Ant Ascator" from your Graveyard.')
('Penguin Soldier', 'FLIP: You can target up to 2 monsters on the field; return those targets to the hand.')
('Lamb Token', 'This card can be used as a "Lamb Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Ostinato', 'If you control no monsters: Fusion Summon 1 "Melodious" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using 2 monsters from your hand and/or Deck as Fusion Material. During the End Phase of this turn, destroy the monster Fusion Summoned by this effect, and if you do, if all the Fusion Materials that were used for its Fusion Summon are in your GY, you can Special Summon all of them.')
('Dummy Golem', 'FLIP: Your opponent selects 1 monster they control. Switch control of the selected monster and this card.')
('Grand Tiki Elder', 'A masked monster that wields the most deadly of curses.')
('Pendulum Back', 'If you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones: Target 2 monsters in your Graveyard, each with a Level between (exclusive) the Pendulum Scales of the cards in your Pendulum Zones; add them to your hand.')
('Melffy Fenny', 'If your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step), or this card is targeted for an attack by an opponent\'s monster: You can return this card to the hand, then you can Special Summon 1 Beast monster from your hand, except "Melffy Fenny". During your End Phase: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Melffy Fenny" once per turn.')
('Raidraptor - Nest', 'If you control 2 or more "Raidraptor" monsters: You can add 1 "Raidraptor" monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Nest" once per turn.')
('Brain Crusher', "Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card destroyed an opponent's monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard this turn while you controlled it: You can target 1 of those destroyed monsters in the Graveyard; Special Summon that target.")
('Laval Token', 'This card can be used as any Token.')
('Spell Purification', 'Discard 1 card from your hand. Destroy all face-up Continuous Spell Cards.')
('Missus Radiant', '2 EARTH monsters\r\nAll EARTH monsters on the field gain 500 ATK and DEF, also all WIND monsters on the field lose 400 ATK and DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 EARTH monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Missus Radiant" once per turn.')
('Shield Warrior', "During damage calculation, in either player's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; monsters you control cannot be destroyed by this battle.")
('Medium Piece Golem', 'When this card is Summoned, if you control a "Big Piece Golem", you can Special Summon 1 "Small Piece Golem" from your Deck. That monster\'s effect is negated while it is face-up on the field.')
('Meklord Nucleus Infinity Core', 'The first time this card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. You can only use each of the following effects of "Meklord Nucleus Infinity Core" once per turn.\r\n● If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Meklord" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● If this card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Meklord Emperor" monster from your hand or Deck, with a different Attribute from the monsters you control, ignoring its Summoning conditions, also you can attack with only 1 monster for the rest of this turn.')
('Knight of Legend', '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.]\r\n\r\nActivate this Skill during your Main Phase. Each turn, 1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" you Normal Summon can be Summoned without Tributing. Apply the following Skills while you control a "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster or a "Gaia the Dragon Champion" monster.\r\n● If it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. Once per turn, if it inflicts battle damage with this Skill, draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card.\r\n● You cannot activate Set cards in the Spell & Trap Zone.')
("World Legacy's Sorrow", 'When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, while you control a co-linked monster(s): Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy\'s Sorrow" per turn.')
("Gravekeeper's Heretic", 'This card on the field is unaffected by all other card effects, as long as "Necrovalley" is also on the field.')
("Pandora's Jewelry Box", "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhile you have no cards in your Extra Deck: You can target 1 card in your opponent's Pendulum Zone; destroy it, and if you do, place this card in your opponent's Pendulum Zone.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhile you have no cards in your Extra Deck, draw 2 cards instead of 1 for your normal draw during your Draw Phase.")
('Mystik Wok', 'Tribute 1 monster. Select either its ATK or DEF and gain that many Life Points.')
('Metamorphortress', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 Level 4 or higher monster you control; Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1000), then equip that face-up monster to this card. (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect, also if it attacks, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.')
('Black Dragon Collapserpent', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT monster from your GY. You can only Special Summon "Black Dragon Collapserpent" once per turn this way. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "White Dragon Wyverburster" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Phosphorage the Elemental Lord', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 5 LIGHT monsters in your GY. When this card is Special Summoned: You can destroy all monsters your opponent controls. You can only use this effect of "Phosphorage the Elemental Lord" once per turn. If this face-up card leaves the field, skip the Battle Phase of your next turn.')
('Hibikime', 'Confuses enemy monsters with a noise that is harsh to the ears.')
('Illusionist Faceless Mage', 'Manipulates enemy attacks with the power of illusion.')
('Smoke Grenade of the Thief', "When this card is destroyed by a card effect while equipped to a monster: Look at your opponent's hand and discard 1 card from their hand.")
('Centrifugal Field', 'When a Fusion Monster(s) is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Its owner targets 1 Fusion Material Monster in their Graveyard that is listed on that Fusion Monster; that player Special Summons that target.')
('Performapal Hip Hippo', 'After you Normal Summon this card, you can Tribute Summon 1 Level 7 or higher monster in face-up Attack Position during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)')
('Raregold Armor', 'As long as you control the monster equipped with this card, your opponent cannot attack other monsters other than the equipped monster.')
('Naturia Cosmobeet', 'When your opponent Normal Summons or Sets a monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Juggernaut Liebe', '3 Level 11 monsters\r\nOnce per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Juggernaut Liebe" by using 1 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; it gains 2000 ATK/DEF, also for the rest of this turn, you can only declare an attack with this card. During each Battle Phase, this card can make attacks on monsters up to the number of Xyz Materials it has +1.')
('Aroma Strategy', '[At the start of the Duel, flip this card over.] \r\n\r\nYou may look at the top card of your Deck at any time.')
('Kagetokage', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned by its own effect. When you Normal Summon a Level 4 monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Cannot be used as Synchro Material.')
('Impcantation Thanatosis', 'When this card is activated: You can reveal 1 "Impcantation" monster in your hand and Special Summon 2 monsters with that monster\'s name from your Deck, then shuffle the revealed monster into the Deck. Once per turn, if a Ritual Monster is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only activate 1 "Impcantation Thanatosis" per turn.')
('Elphase', '2 Level 3 or higher Cyberse monsters\nGains 300 ATK for each monster this card points to. If this Link Summoned card leaves the field: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but for the rest of this turn, its effects (if any) are negated and it cannot be used as Link Material. You can only use this effect of "Elphase" once per turn.')
('Snowman Eater', 'If this card is flipped face-up: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Virtual World Roshi - Laolao', 'If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 "Virtual World" card you control; send 1 "Virtual World" card of a different type (Monster, Spell, Trap) from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card, then, you can Special Summon 1 "Virtual World" monster from your GY in Defense Position, with a different name than the card sent to the GY, but negate its effects. For the rest of this turn, you can only Special Summon Level/Rank 3 or higher monsters. You can only use this effect of "Virtual World Roshi - Laolao" once per turn.')
('Ritual Beast Tamer Wen', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished "Ritual Beast" monsters; Special Summon it. You can only Special Summon "Ritual Beast Tamer Wen(s)" once per turn.')
('Dark Elf', 'This card requires a cost of 1000 of your own Life Points to attack.')
('World Legacy Scars', 'All "Mekk-Knight" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK/DEF. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster or 1 "World Legacy" card; draw 1 card. You can banish 8 "Mekk-Knight" monsters with different names from your GY and/or face-up from your field; send your opponent\'s entire hand and Extra Deck to the GY.')
('Harpie Queen', 'This card\'s name becomes "Harpie Lady" while on the field or in the GY. You can discard this card to the GY; add 1 "Harpies\' Hunting Ground" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Snoww, Unlight of Dark World', 'If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: If it was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent\'s card effect, you can target 1 monster in your opponent\'s Graveyard; add 1 "Dark World" card from your Deck to your hand, then Special Summon that target (if any) in face-up Defense Position.')
('Double Summon', 'You can conduct 2 Normal Summons/Sets this turn, not just 1.')
('Chaos Hunter', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster (except during the Damage Step): You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from your hand. Your opponent cannot banish cards.')
('Earthquake Giant', 'Once per turn, when the battle position of this card is changed, you can select 1 monster your opponent controls and change its battle position.')
('Thunder Sea Horse', 'You can discard this card; add 2 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monsters of the same name with 1600 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand. You can only use the effect of "Thunder Sea Horse" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this effect.')
('Sunavalon Bloom', 'When this card is activated: If you control a Link-4 or higher Plant Link Monster, negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent controls. During damage calculation, if your Plant Link Monster battles: You can make that monster gain ATK equal to the total ATK of all monsters it points to, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Sunavalon Bloom" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Sunavalon Bloom" per turn.')
('Mind Control', 'Target 1 monster your opponent controls; until the End Phase, take control of that target, but it cannot declare an attack or be Tributed.')
('Evolution Burst', 'If you control "Cyber Dragon": Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. "Cyber Dragon" cannot attack the turn you activate this card.')
('Prior of the Ice Barrier', 'If you control a face-up "Ice Barrier" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You cannot Special Summon any Level 5 or higher monsters the turn you use this effect. You can Tribute this card to target 1 "Ice Barrier" monster in your Graveyard, except "Prior of the Ice Barrier"; Special Summon that target.')
('Giant Flea', 'A massive flea that feeds on the blood of its enemies.')
('Spider Web', "If a monster declares an attack, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step. It cannot change its battle position until the End Phase of its controller's next turn, while this card remains on the field.")
('Fabled Valkyrus', '1 "Fabled" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn, you can discard 1 Fiend-Type monster to draw 1 card.')
('Sonic Warrior', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard: All Level 2 or lower monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK.')
('Kwagar Hercules', '"Kuwagata α" + "Hercules Beetle"')
('Yosenju Kama 2', 'If this card is Normal Summoned, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Yosenju" monster from your hand, except "Yosenju Kama 2". This card can attack your opponent directly, but when it does so using this effect, the battle damage inflicted to your opponent is halved. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.')
('Goka, the Pyre of Malice', 'If you control a FIRE monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When you do: Target 1 FIRE monster you control; destroy that target. During each of your Standby Phases: Special Summon 1 "Fireball Token" (Pyro-Type/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 100) in Defense Position. You can Tribute 1 other FIRE monster; this card gains 500 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Numbers Overlay Boost', 'Target 1 "Number" Xyz Monster you control that has no Xyz Materials; attach 2 monsters from your hand to that face-up Xyz Monster, as Xyz Materials.')
('Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning', "This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls with DEF lower than this card's ATK.")
('Red Familiar', 'You can Tribute 1 Fiend monster, then target 1 DARK Dragon Synchro Monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 DARK Dragon Synchro Monster you control and declare a Level from 1 to 8; that monster becomes that Level until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Red Familiar" once per turn.')
('Wulf, Lightsworn Beast', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. If this card is sent from your Deck to the GY: Special Summon it.')
('Mekk-Knight Purple Nightfall', 'If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Purple Nightfall" once per turn this way. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster you control; banish it (until the Standby Phase of your next turn), and if you do, add 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Mekk-Knight Purple Nightfall". You can only use this effect of "Mekk-Knight Purple Nightfall" once per turn.')
('Stardust Assault Warrior', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned while you control no other monsters: You can target 1 "Junk" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Stardust Assault Warrior" once per turn. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.')
('Tamtam the Melodious Diva', 'If this card is Special Summoned while you control a "Melodious" monster: You can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon: You can target 1 "Melodious" monster you control; it loses 500 ATK, and if it does, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Solemn Strike', 'When a monster(s) would be Special Summoned, OR a monster effect is activated: Pay 1500 LP; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('D/D/D Super Doom King Purple Armageddon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, before damage calculation, if your "D/D/D" Fusion Monster battles an opponent\'s monster: You can make that opponent\'s monster lose 1000 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n2 "D/D/D" monsters\r\nYou can target 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its original ATK. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Super Doom King Purple Armageddon" once per turn. Before damage calculation, if an opponent\'s monster battles: You can make its ATK become equal to its original ATK until the end of the Damage Step. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.')
('Ordeal of a Traveler', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Your opponent chooses 1 random card in your hand and calls the type of the card (Monster, Spell, or Trap), and if they call it wrong, return the attacking monster to the hand.")
('Shiranui Sunsaga', '1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner Zombie monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can return any number of your Zombie Synchro Monsters, that are banished or are in your GY, to the Extra Deck, then you can destroy cards your opponent controls, equal to the number of cards returned. If a Zombie monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish 1 "Shiranui" monster from your GY instead. You can only Special Summon "Shiranui Sunsaga(s)" once per turn.')
('Dimensional Prison', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target that attacking monster; banish that target.")
('Artifact Labrys', 'You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent\'s turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. When an "Artifact" card(s) is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Lock Cat', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select 1 Level 1 Beast-Type monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position. Its effects are negated.')
('Dragon Buster Destruction Sword', 'You can target 1 "Buster Blader" you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster, your opponent cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can Special Summon this equipped card. You can only use this effect of "Dragon Buster Destruction Sword" once per turn.')
('Accellight', 'If you control no monsters: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Accellight" per turn. You cannot Normal Summon/Set during the turn you activate this card.')
('Coral Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. If this Synchro Summoned card is sent from the field to the GY: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Coral Dragon" once per turn.')
('Fabled Raven', 'Once per turn: You can discard any number of cards, and if you do, this card gains 1 Level and 400 ATK for each discarded card, until the end of this turn.')
('Code Generator', 'If a Cyberse monster you control would be used as Link Material for a "Code Talker" monster, this card in your hand can also be used as material. If this card is sent from the hand or field to the GY as material for the Link Summon of a "Code Talker" monster: You can send 1 Cyberse monster with 1200 or less ATK from your Deck to the GY, or, if this card on the field was used as material, you can add that card to your hand instead. You can only use each effect of "Code Generator" once per turn.')
('Ghostrick Skeleton', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: Banish cards from the top of your opponent\'s Deck face-down, up to the number of "Ghostrick" monsters you control. You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Skeleton" once per turn.')
('Dimension Jar', "FLIP: Both players can remove from play up to 3 monsters from their opponent's Graveyard.")
('Elemental HERO Thunder Giant', '"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Clayman"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card to target 1 face-up monster on the field with original ATK less than the ATK of this card; destroy that target.')
('Yami', 'All Fiend and Spellcaster monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF, also all Fairy monsters on the field lose 200 ATK/DEF.')
('Vylon Polytope', 'Target any number of "Vylon" Monster Cards you control that are Equip Cards; Special Summon them in face-up Defense Position. Banish them when they leave the field.')
('Prickle Fairy', 'Your opponent cannot attack Insect monsters. If this card battled a monster, at the end of the Damage Step: Change that monster to Defense Position.')
('Seleglare the Luminous Lunar Dragon', 'You can Normal Summon/Set this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 1500. During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to this card; return this card to the hand, and if you do, take control of that opponent\'s monster until the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Seleglare the Luminous Lunar Dragon" once per turn.')
('Orcustrion', '2+ Effect Monsters, including an "Orcust" monster\r\nThis linked card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You can target 3 of your banished Machine monsters; shuffle them into the Deck, and if you do, the ATK/DEF of any linked monster(s) your opponent currently controls become 0, also their effects are negated. You can only use this effect of "Orcustrion" once per turn.')
('Update Jammer', "2 Level 2 or higher Cyberse monsters\r\nOnce per battle, during damage calculation, if your Cyberse monster battles (Quick Effect): You can activate this effect; negate all other card effects on the field until the end of the Damage Step, damage calculation for this battle uses each monster's original ATK/DEF, also if an opponent's monster is destroyed by this battle and sent to the GY, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material: That Link Monster can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.")
('Natural Tune', 'Select 1 face-up Level 4 or lower Normal Monster you control. It is treated as a Tuner monster while it is face-up on the field.')
('Gladiator Beast Augustus', 'When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: You can Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your hand in Defense Position. Shuffle it into the Deck during the End Phase. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Augustus".')
('Hunter Owl', 'This card gains 500 ATK for each face-up WIND monster you control. While you control another face-up WIND monster, your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target.')
('Gigaplant', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the GY. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Insect or Plant monster from your hand or GY.')
('Montage Dragon', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 other monsters from your hand to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's ATK becomes the combined original Levels of the sent monsters x 300.")
('Selene, Queen of the Master Magicians', '2+ monsters, including a Spellcaster monster\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: Place Spell Counters on this card, equal to the number of Spells on the field and in the GYs. While an "Endymion" card(s) is on the field, your opponent\'s monsters cannot target this card for attacks. Once per turn, during the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can remove 3 Spell Counters from your field; Special Summon 1 Spellcaster monster from your hand or GY in Defense Position, to your zone this card points to.')
('Harpie Perfumer', 'This card\'s name becomes "Harpie Lady" while on the field or in the GY. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand that specifically lists the card "Harpie Lady Sisters" in its text. If you controlled a Level 5 or higher "Harpie" monster when you activated this effect, you can also add a second such card, with a different name from the first. You can only use this effect of "Harpie Perfumer" once per turn.')
('Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon/Set this card without Tributing. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can target 1 "Blackwing" monster you control; until the end of this turn, it gains ATK equal to the total ATK of all "Blackwing" monsters currently on the field, except itself. Monsters other than the targeted monster cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.')
('SPYRAL Sleeper', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 3 "SPYRAL" cards from your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can target 1 "SPYRAL" card you control and up to 2 cards your opponent controls; destroy them. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy as many cards you control as possible, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "SPYRAL Super Agent" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.')
('Sanguine Swamp', 'If you control any other Spell or Trap Cards, destroy this card. Face-down Spell and Trap Cards cannot be activated. Destroy this card during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation.')
('Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind', 'If you control a "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target\'s ATK and DEF become half its current ATK and DEF.')
('Cyber Angel Vrash', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can destroy as many face-up monsters your opponent controls as possible that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each, and if you do that, this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated that would destroy a card on the field: You can shuffle 1 Ritual Monster from your Graveyard into the Deck; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Malice Ascendant', 'During your opponent\'s Standby Phase, send 1 card from the top of their Deck to the Graveyard for each "Malice Ascendant" in your Graveyard.')
('Banisher of the Light', 'Any card sent to the Graveyard is banished instead.')
('Fenrir', "This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 2 WATER monsters in your Graveyard. When this card destroys an opponent's monster as a result of battle, your opponent skips their next Draw Phase.")
('Spirit of Flames', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 FIRE monster from your Graveyard. This card gains 300 ATK during your Battle Phase only.')
('Solo the Melodious Songstress', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Melodious" monster from your Deck, except "Solo the Melodious Songstress".')
('Dark Blade', 'They say he is a dragon-manipulating warrior from the dark world. His attack is tremendous, using his great swords with vicious power.')
('Volcanic Rat', 'This mutated mouse dwells in the core of active volcanoes. No amount of heat is too much for it to bear.')
('Daigusto Emeral', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects.\n● Target 3 monsters in your GY; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 1 card.\n● Target 1 non-Effect Monster in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Submersible Carrier Aero Shark', '2 Level 3 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each of your banished monsters.')
('Steel Shell', 'A WATER monster equipped with this card increases its ATK by 400 points and decreases its DEF by 200 points.')
('Mythical Bestiamorph', 'Each time an opponent\'s monster effect is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that effect resolves. You can send this card with 6 or more Spell Counters to the GY; add 1 Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Bestiamorph" once per turn.')
('Red-Eyes Flare Metal Dragon', '2 Level 7 monsters\nCannot be destroyed by card effects while it has Xyz Material. While this card has Xyz Material, each time your opponent activates a card or effect, inflict 500 damage to your opponent immediately after it resolves. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Red-Eyes" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.')
('Lunar Queen Elzaim', 'A lovely creature guarded by the moon. Her lunar curtain can block just about any attack.')
('Monster Reborn', 'Target 1 monster in either GY; Special Summon it.')
('Elemental HERO Voltic', 'When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 of your banished "Elemental HERO" monsters; Special Summon that target.')
('Dragon Knight of Creation', 'Increase this card\'s Level by 4 during your opponent\'s turn only. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the GY: You can send 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon monster from your Deck to the GY. You can send 1 card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon monster in your GY; send this card to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon that monster. You can only use this effect of "Dragon Knight of Creation" once per turn.')
('Cockadoodledoo', 'If there are no monsters on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) as a Level 3 monster. If your opponent controls a monster and you control no cards, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) as a Level 4 monster. If this face-up card would leave the field, banish it instead.')
('Gravedigger Ghoul', "Select up to 2 Monster Card(s) from your opponent's Graveyard. Remove the selected card(s) from play.")
('Winda, Priestess of Gusto', 'When this card is destroyed by battle with an opponent\'s attacking monster and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Gusto" Tuner monster from your Deck.')
('Volcanic Rocket', 'When this card is Summoned: You can add 1 "Blaze Accelerator" card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.')
('Herculean Power', 'Once per turn, if your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Gemini monster from your hand.')
('Revendread Origin', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Vendread" Ritual Monster from your hand or GY. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, and/or banish Zombie monsters from your GY, whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If "Revendread Slayer(s)" you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('Raigeki Bottle', 'Each time a monster you control declares an attack, place 1 Thunder Counter on this card. You can send this card with 4 or more Thunder Counters to the Graveyard; destroy all monsters your opponent controls.')
("Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar", '"Alien Ammonite" + 1 or more non-Tuner "Alien" monsters\nOnce per turn, you can select any number of face-up Spell or Trap Cards. Return those cards to their owners\' hands, and distribute new A-Counters among monsters on the field equal to the number of cards returned. Once per turn, you can remove 2 A-Counters from anywhere on the field to destroy 1 card your opponent controls.')
('Ally Mind', 'A high-performance unit developed to enhance the Artificial Intelligence program of the Allies of Justice. Loaded with elements collected from a meteor found in the Worm Nebula, it allows for highly tuned processing. But its full capacity is not yet determined.')
('Gishki Ariel', 'FLIP: You can add 1 "Gishki" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz', 'Once per turn: You can reveal any number of "Nekroz" cards in your hand; increase or reduce this card\'s Level by the number of revealed cards until the end of this turn. If this card is Tributed by a card effect: You can add 1 "Nekroz" monster from your Deck to your hand, except a Ritual Monster. You can only use this effect of "Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz" once per turn.')
('World Legacy - "World Key"', 'You can discard 1 "World Legacy" card; you can Tribute Summon 1 monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent\'s Link Monster: You can return that monster to the Extra Deck. You can only use each effect of "World Legacy - "World Key"" once per turn.')
('Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun', 'If the only face-up monster you control is 1 "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Bujingi Ibis', 'During your Main Phase 1: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Bujin" monster you control; this turn, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Beginning of Heaven and Earth', 'Reveal 3 Warrior-Type monsters from your Deck, including at least 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster or "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster, and have your opponent randomly pick 1. If they picked a "Black Luster Soldier" monster or "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster, add it to your hand and send the rest to the Graveyard. Otherwise, send them all to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Beginning of Heaven and Earth" per turn.')
('D.D.M. - Different Dimension Master', 'Once per turn, you can discard 1 Spell Card to Special Summon 1 of your removed from play monsters.')
('Chocolate Magician Girl', 'Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spellcaster-Type monster; draw 1 card. Once per turn, if this card is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Chocolate Magician Girl"; Special Summon it, then change the attack target to it, and if you do, the attacking monster\'s ATK becomes half its current ATK.')
('Judge Man', 'This club-wielding warrior battles to the end and will never surrender.')
('Double Cipher', 'If your opponent controls a monster with the highest ATK on the field (even if tied): Target 1 "Galaxy-Eyes" or "Cipher" Xyz Monster you control that has Xyz Material; detach all Xyz Materials from that Xyz Monster, and if you do, Special Summon 1 monster from your Extra Deck with the same name as that Xyz Monster.')
('F.A. Dead Heat', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon 1 "F.A." monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "F.A. Dead Heat" once per turn. Once per battle, if your "F.A." monster battles an opponent\'s monster, before damage calculation: You can have both players roll a six-sided die. If your result is higher, increase the Level of your battling monster by 4, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If your result is lower, destroy your battling monster. If it\'s a tie, both players roll again.')
('The Secret of the Bandit', "This card can only be activated during Main Phase 1. Select 1 face-up monster on the field. Each time the selected monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points this turn, your opponent discards 1 random card.")
('Gem-Knight Alexandrite', 'You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Normal Monster from your Deck.')
('Garoth, Lightsworn Warrior', 'Each time a card(s) is sent from your Deck to the GY by the effect of a "Lightsworn" monster you control, except "Garoth, Lightsworn Warrior": Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY, then draw 1 card for each "Lightsworn" monster sent to the GY by this effect.')
('Evilswarm Azzathoth', 'FLIP: Target 1 Special Summoned monster on the field; shuffle that target into the Deck.')
('Royal Surrender', 'Activate only when your opponent activates a Continuous Trap Card. Negate the activation and the effect of the card and destroy it.')
('El Shaddoll Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "El Shaddoll Fusion" per turn.')
('Parallel Port Armor', 'Target 1 Link Monster you control; equip it with this card. Your opponent cannot target the equipped monster with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by battle. You can banish this card and 2 Link Monsters from your GY, then target 1 Link Monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('El Shaddoll Winda', '1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 DARK monster\r\nMust first be Fusion Summoned. Cannot be destroyed by an opponent\'s card effects. Each player can only Special Summon monster(s) once per turn while this card is face-up on the field. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap in your GY; add it to your hand.')
('Aqua Snake', 'This monster hypnotizes an opponent with the ball on its tail and draws them to a watery doom.')
('Des Counterblow', "Destroy any monster that inflicts Battle Damage to a player's Life Points by attacking directly.")
('Nemeses Keystone', 'You can target 1 of your banished monsters, except "Nemeses Keystone"; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, shuffle that target into the Deck. During the End Phase, if this card is currently banished, and was banished this turn: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Nemeses Keystone" once per turn.')
('Quick Booster', 'Target 1 Quick-Play Spell in your GY, except "Quick Booster"; shuffle that target into the Deck. If this card you control is destroyed by your opponent\'s card and sent to your GY: You can add 1 Quick-Play Spell from your Deck to your hand, except "Quick Booster".')
('Cubic Causality', 'Distribute a number of Cubic Counters on face-up monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of "Cubic" monsters you control. (Monsters with a Cubic Counter cannot attack, also negate their effects.) You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Cubic" monster you control; this turn, each time it destroys a monster by battle that has a Cubic Counter, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of that destroyed monster. You can only use each effect of "Cubic Causality" once per turn.')
('Jurrac Herra', 'When a Defense Position "Jurrac" monster you control, except "Jurrac Herra", is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand or GY.')
('Genesis Dragon', 'Once per turn, you can send 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard to add 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Graveyard to your hand. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can return all Dragon-Type monsters from your Graveyard to your Deck.')
('Samsara Dragon', 'This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Dragon monster. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Level 5 or higher Dragon monster in your GY; add it to your hand, then immediately after this effect resolves, you can Tribute Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Samsara Dragon" once per turn.')
('Holy Night Nativity', 'During your Main Phase: You can reveal 1 LIGHT Fairy monster in your hand, and if you do, add 1 Level 7 LIGHT Dragon monster from your Deck to your hand, then place the revealed monster on the bottom of the Deck. If your opponent activates a card or effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 7 LIGHT Dragon monster from your hand. You can only use 1 "Holy Night Nativity" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Gladiator Beast Alexander', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned except by the effect of "Gladiator Beast Dimacari". If this card was Special Summoned, it is unaffected by the effects of Spell Cards. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Deck to Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Alexander".')
('Super Polymerization', "Discard 1 card; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from either field as Fusion Material. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this card's activation.")
('Goblin Elite Attack Force', 'If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase, and its battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn.')
('Super Defense Robot Monki', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster or "Orbital 7" from your hand. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Machine-Type monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster or "Orbital 7" in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon', '1 "Pendulum Dragon" monster + 1 Warrior-Type monster\nWhen this card is Fusion Summoned: You can change the ATK of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls to 0, also, for the rest of this turn, other monsters you control cannot attack. Negate the activated effects of monsters with 0 ATK. At the end of the Damage Step, when this card attacks an opponent\'s monster, but the opponent\'s monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can banish that opponent\'s monster.')
('Nimble Musasabi', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can also Special Summon up to 2 "Nimble Musasabi" from your Deck to your opponent\'s side of the field in face-up Attack Position. This card cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.')
('Sunseed Shadow', 'If you control a Plant Normal Monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 of your linked Link-2 or lower "Sunavalon" or "Sunvine" monsters; Special Summon 1 monster with the same name from your Extra Deck, but negate its effects, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Plant monsters. You can only use each effect of "Sunseed Shadow" once per turn.')
('Metaphys Horus', "1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can activate the appropriate effect(s), depending on the non-Tuner monster(s) used as Synchro Material;\n● Normal Monster: This face-up card is unaffected by other card effects this turn.\n● Effect Monster: You can target 1 other face-up card on the field; negate that target's effects.\n● Pendulum Monster: Your opponent chooses 1 monster they control and gives control of it to you, but it cannot attack this turn.")
('Chronomaly Mayan Machine', 'This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Machine-Type monster.')
('Dragon Laser', 'Send 1 "Trigon" equipped to a face-up "Delta Tri" you control to the Graveyard, and destroy all monsters your opponent controls.')
('Shiranui Style Success', 'Special Summon 1 Zombie monster from your hand, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Zombie monster you control; that Zombie monster is unaffected by card effects this turn, except its own. You can only use 1 "Shiranui Style Success" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Widespread Ruin', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Destroy the Attack Position monster your opponent controls with the highest ATK (your choice, if tied).")
('Satellarknight Procyon', 'If this card is Summoned: You can send 1 "tellarknight" monster from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Procyon" once per turn.')
('SPYRAL GEAR - Drone', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can look at the top 3 cards of your opponent\'s Deck, and if you do, place them on top of their Deck in any order. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "SPYRAL" monster you control; it gains 500 ATK for each card your opponent controls. You can banish this card and 1 "SPYRAL" card from your GY, then target 1 "SPYRAL Super Agent" in your GY; add it to your hand.')
('Infernity Guardian', 'While you have no cards in your hand, this face-up card cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.')
('Heraldry Record', "When an effect of your opponent's Xyz Monster is activated by detaching its own Xyz Material(s): Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.")
('Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Raven', 'If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell directly from your Deck. "Fire Formation" Spells/Traps you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects.')
("Phantom Knights' Wing", 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 500 ATK, also the first time that target would be destroyed by battle or card effect this turn, it is not destroyed. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Phantom Knights\' Wing" once per turn.')
('Teva', 'When this card is Tribute Summoned successfully, your opponent cannot declare an attack during his/her next turn.')
('Ritual Beast Ulti-Pettlephin', '1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster + 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster\nMust be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be destroyed by card effects. During either player\'s turn: You can return this card you control to the Extra Deck, then target 2 of your banished monsters (1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster and 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster); Special Summon them in Defense Position.')
('Stellarknight Delteros', '3 Level 4 monsters\nWhile this card has Xyz Material, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects when you Normal or Special Summon a monster(s). Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "tellarknight" monster from your hand or Deck.')
('Double Spell', "Discard 1 Spell Card, then target 1 Spell Card in your opponent's Graveyard; place that target in the appropriate Zone on your side of the field, and as this card's effect resolution, follow its card text as if you had used it yourself.")
('Dragonic Guard', 'Each time a monster is Normal Summoned or Set, place 1 Dragonic Counter on this card. You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Dragonic Counters on this card.')
('Question', 'When activating this card, your opponent cannot check cards in the Graveyard. Your opponent calls the name of the first monster found at the bottom of your Graveyard. If he/she calls it right, the monster is removed from play. If he/she calls it wrong, the monster is Special Summoned to your side of the field.')
('T.G. Recipro Dragonfly', '1 Tuner + 1 non-Tuner monster\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 other "T.G." Synchro Monster you control; send it to the Graveyard, then, if all the Synchro Monsters that were used for its Synchro Summon are in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon all of them.')
('Yellow Gurnard Duonigis', 'If this card is Special Summoned: You can banish cards from the top of your opponent\'s Deck equal to the number of WATER monsters you control. You can target 1 Level 4 or lower WATER monster you control; increase its Level by its original Level. You can banish this card from your GY; 1 WATER monster on the field gains 100 ATK for each banished monster, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Yellow Gurnard Duonigis" once per turn.')
('Dragunity Legatus', 'If you control a "Dragunity" monster or "Dragon Ravine": You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you control a "Dragunity" Monster Card(s) in your Spell & Trap Zone: You can target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Dragunity Legatus" once per turn.')
('Magic Gate of Miracles', 'If you control 2 or more Spellcaster monsters: Change 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls to Defense Position, then take control of it, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Sinister Serpent', 'During your Standby Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can add it to your hand, also banish 1 "Sinister Serpent" from your GY during your opponent\'s next End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Sinister Serpent" once per turn.')
('The Puppet Magic of Dark Ruler', 'Select 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Graveyard. Remove from play monsters on your side of the field whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the selected Fiend-Type monster. Then Special Summon the selected monster from your Graveyard.')
('Number C88: Gimmick Puppet Disaster Leo', '4 Level 9 monsters\nMust be Special Summoned with a "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card targeting "Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be targeted by card effects. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. During your End Phase, if your opponent\'s Life Points are 2000 or less, and this card has no Xyz Materials, you win the Duel.')
('Infernity Wildcat', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 other "Infernity" monster from your hand to the GY. You can only Special Summon "Infernity Wildcat" once per turn this way. If you have no cards in your hand: You can banish 1 "Infernity" monster from your GY; increase or reduce this card\'s Level by 1 until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Infernity Wildcat" once per turn.')
('Cryomancer of the Ice Barrier', 'While you control another "Ice Barrier" monster, Level 4 or higher monsters cannot declare an attack.')
('Living Vase', 'A living vase that bites enemies and blinds them with a blast of pollen from its flower.')
('Amorphage Goliath', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhile you control an "Amorphage" monster, any card sent to the GY is banished instead, except "Amorphage" cards. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nNeither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Amorphage" monsters.')
('Nimble Momonga', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Gain 1000 Life Points, then you can Special Summon any number of "Nimble Momongas" from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.')
('Dragunity Brandistock', 'While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster can attack twice during each Battle Phase.')
('Chorus of Sanctuary', 'Increase the DEF of all Defense Position monsters by 500 points.')
('Re-Cover', 'If this card is in the Graveyard and your opponent has 5 or more cards in their Extra Deck than you do: You can pay 2000 LP; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Re-Cover" once per turn.')
('Stone Ghost', 'With a head that erupts when angered, this monster launches a dangerous shower of boulders.')
('Triggered Summon', "Activate only when a monster is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field. Each player can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from their hand.")
('Infernoid Sjette', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Graveyard) by banishing 2 "Infernoid" monsters from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card declares an attack: You can banish 1 monster from your opponent\'s Extra Deck (their choice). Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent\'s Graveyard; banish it.')
('Salamangreat Almiraj', '1 Normal Summoned monster with 1000 or less ATK\r\n(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 1 monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects this turn. When a Normal Summoned monster you control is destroyed by battle, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Almiraj" once per turn.')
('Frightfur Jar', 'This card\'s name becomes "Toy Vendor" while on the field or in the GY. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; draw 1 card and show it, then if it is an "Edge Imp" monster, you can destroy 1 card on the field, otherwise place 1 card from your hand on the top or bottom of the Deck. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; halve its ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Forced Requisition', 'You can activate this card when you discard from your hand. After that, each time you discard from your hand, your opponent must also discard the same number of cards from his/her hand.')
('XX-Saber Darksoul', 'During the End Phase, if this card was sent from your side of the field to your Graveyard this turn: You can add 1 "X-Saber" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Appliancer Kappa Scale', '1 "Appliancer" monster\r\nCannot be used as Link Material the turn it is Link Summoned. You can Tribute this co-linked card; Special Summon 1 "Appliancer" Link Monster from your GY, except "Appliancer Kappa Scale". You can Tribute this card that is not co-linked; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Appliancer" monster from your GY. You can only use each effect of "Appliancer Kappa Scale" once per turn.')
('Hand of the Six Samurai', 'If you control another "Six Samurai" monster: You can Tribute 1 "Six Samurai" monster, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Twister', 'Pay 500 LP, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap on the field; destroy that target.')
('Darkness Metal, the Dragon of Dark Steel', '2+ Effect Monsters with the same Type and Attribute\r\nYou can target 1 of your monsters that is banished or in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to, in Defense Position, but its effects are negated, also you cannot Special Summon Link Monsters for the rest of this turn, and the Summoned monster is placed on the bottom of the Deck when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Darkness Metal, the Dragon of Dark Steel" once per turn.')
('Assault Sentinel', 'You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or Deck that specifically lists "Assault Mode Activate" in its text, except "Assault Sentinel", also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Synchro Monsters. You can target 1 face-up monster you control; reveal 1 Synchro Monster in your Extra Deck, and if you do, the targeted monster\'s Type and Attribute become the same as the revealed monster\'s, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Assault Sentinel" once per turn.')
('Black Potan', 'If you control a face-up Tuner monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. When a face-up Tuner monster(s) you control is removed from the field, gain 800 Life Points.')
('Laughing Flower', 'A flower whose laugh can confuse the minds of enemies.')
('Pop-Up', 'If your opponent controls a card in their Field Zone and you do not: Activate 1 Field Spell Card from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Pop-Up" per turn.')
('Awakening of the Possessed - Rasenryu', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand or Deck) by sending 1 face-up Spellcaster monster and 1 face-up Level 4 or lower WIND monster you control to the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Awakening of the Possessed - Rasenryu" once per turn. When Summoned this way: You can return 1 card your opponent controls to the hand. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Spiritual Wind Art" card or 1 "Possessed" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.')
('Emissary of Darkness Token', 'This card can be used as an "Emissary of Darkness Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Salvage', 'Target 2 WATER monsters with 1500 or less ATK in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand.')
('Soul Hunter', '"Lord of the Lamp" + "Invader from Another Dimension"')
('Combo Master', 'If a Chain (of 2 or more Links) occurred in your Main Phase 1, this card can attack twice during the Battle Phase this turn.')
('Magical Spring', 'Draw a number of cards equal to the number of face-up Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls, then discard a number of cards equal to the number of face-up Spell/Trap Cards you control. Until the end of your opponent\'s next turn after this card resolves, Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls cannot be destroyed (by battle or card effect), also their activation and effects cannot be negated. You can only activate 1 "Magical Spring" per turn.')
('Emergeroid Call', 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control a "roid" Fusion Monster: Negate the activation, then send all cards with the same name as that card from the activating player\'s Deck and Extra Deck to the GY. You can banish this card from the GY, then target 1 "roid" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Emergeroid Call" once per turn.')
('Jawsman', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. If you Tribute Summon this card, all Tributes must be WATER. This card gains 300 ATK for each face-up WATER monster you control, except this card.')
('Panther Warrior', 'This card cannot declare an attack unless you Tribute 1 monster.')
('Shootingcode Talker', "2+ Cyberse monsters\nAt the start of your Battle Phase: You can activate this effect; this Battle Phase, this card can make attacks on your opponent's monsters, up to the number of monsters this card currently points to +1, but this turn, when it attacks your opponent's only monster, this card loses 400 ATK during that damage calculation only. At the end of each Battle Phase: You can draw cards equal to the number of monsters this card destroyed by battle this turn.")
('Elemental HERO Gaia', '1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 EARTH monster\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Fusion Summoned: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the End Phase, its ATK is halved and this card gains the same amount of ATK.')
('Ray & Temperature', 'The Sun and the North Wind join hands to deliver a devastating combination of heat and gale-force winds.')
('Vampire Grace', 'When a Level 5 or higher Zombie-Type monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field by the effect of a Zombie-Type monster while this card is in your Graveyard: You can pay 2000 LP; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Vampire Grace" once per turn. Once per turn: You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); your opponent sends 1 card of that type from their Deck to the Graveyard.')
('SPYGAL Misty', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); reveal the top card of your opponent\'s Deck, and if you do, draw 1 card if it is a card of that type. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can target 1 "SPYRAL Super Agent" you control and 1 monster your opponent controls; return both monsters to the hand.')
('Primineral Kongreat', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. If a monster is sent from your opponent's hand or Deck to the GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand in face-down Defense Position. If this card is flipped face-up: You can target up to 2 cards on the field; destroy them.")
('Chimeratech Fortress Dragon', '"Cyber Dragon" + 1+ Machine monsters\r\nCannot be used as Fusion Material. Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards from either field to the GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) The original ATK of this card becomes 1000 x the number of Fusion Materials used for its Special Summon.')
('Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius', 'If you control a "Raidraptor" monster other than "Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius": You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate either of this card\'s effects, except "Raidraptor" monsters.')
('Follow Wing', "Activate this card by targeting 1 Synchro Monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects. At the start of the Damage Step, if it battles an opponent's Level 5 or higher monster: You can destroy that opponent's monster, and if you do, the targeted Synchro Monster gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the destroyed monster, until the end of this turn. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.")
('Inzektor Crossbow - Zektarrow', 'Equip only to an "Inzektor" monster. It gains 500 ATK. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of the equipped monster\'s effects.')
('Gateway to Chaos', 'When this card is activated: Add 1 "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster or 1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster from your Deck to your hand. Each time a Monster Card(s) is sent from the hand or field to the GY, place 1 Spell Counter on this card for each of those cards (max. 6). Once per turn: You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; add 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Gateway to Chaos" per turn.')
('Mathmech Equation', 'Target 1 "Mathmech" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, and if you do, it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Mathmech Equation" per turn.')
('Righty Driver', 'For a Synchro Summon, you can substitute this card for any 1 "Synchron" Tuner. If this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Lefty Driver" from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can only use this effect of "Righty Driver" once per turn.')
('Trismagistus', 'The first time each "Magistus" monster equipped with an Equip Card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Trismagistus" per turn, and only once that turn.\r\n● During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 Spellcaster monster from your hand.\r\n● You can send this face-up card to the GY; Special Summon any number of "Magistus" monsters with different names from your hand.')
('Psychic Tuning', "Select 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it in Attack Position. It is treated as a Tuner monster. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is removed from the field, destroy this card. When this card is sent to the Graveyard, take damage equal to that monster's Level x 400.")
('Guardians of the Tomb', "During your opponent's Main Phase, when a monster is Special Summoned from your Spell & Trap Zone to your field while you have no cards in your hand, you can draw 1 card, and if you do, you can Set 1 Spell or Trap from your hand. This Skill can only be used once per turn.")
('Fusion Sage', 'Add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Pendulum Hole', 'When a monster(s) would be Pendulum Summoned: Negate the Pendulum Summon, and if you do, shuffle that monster(s) into the Deck.')
('Xyz-Raypierce', 'You can banish 1 Dragon-Type monster and 1 Wyrm-Type monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Xyz-Raypierce" from your hand or Deck. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can only use each effect of "Xyz-Raypierce" once per turn.')
('Ritual Beast Return', 'Banish 1 "Ritual Beast" monster from your hand, then target 1 of your "Ritual Beast" monsters, that is banished or is in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.')
('Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Mayakashi" monster from your Deck, except "Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi". You can only use this effect of "Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Mayakashi" monsters.')
('Hyper Psychic Blaster/Assault Mode', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". If this card battles a monster, at the end of the Damage Step, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster\'s DEF and gain Life Points equal to its ATK. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Hyper Psychic Blaster" from your Graveyard.')
('Glow-Up Bulb', 'If this card is in your GY: You can send the top card of your Deck to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Glow-Up Bulb" once per Duel.')
('Performapal Whim Witch', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf your opponent controls a face-up monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck and you do not: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Whim Witch" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nThis card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Pendulum Monster.')
('Graceful Revival', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 Level 2 or lower monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Attack Position. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.')
('Fine', 'Discard 2 cards.')
('Performapal Skeeter Skimmer', 'When this face-up Attack Position card is targeted for an attack: You can change this card to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, negate that attack.')
('Ipiria', 'If this card is Summoned: Draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Ipiria" once per turn.')
('Air Cracking Storm', "Equip only to a Machine monster. When that attacking monster destroys your opponent's monster by battle: You can activate this effect; it can make a second attack during this Battle Phase. Your other monsters cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.")
('Legend of Heart', 'Pay 2000 LP and Tribute 1 Warrior monster; banish up to 3 "Legendary Dragon" Spells with different names from your hand and/or GY, and if you do, Special Summon that many "Legendary Knight" monsters with different names from your hand, Deck, and/or GY. You can only activate 1 "Legend of Heart" per turn.')
('Neptabyss, the Atlantean Prince', 'You can send 1 "Atlantean" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Neptabyss, the Atlantean Prince"; add 1 "Atlantean" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Neptabyss, the Atlantean Prince". If this card is sent to the Graveyard to activate a WATER monster\'s effect: Target 1 "Atlantean" monster in your Graveyard, except "Neptabyss, the Atlantean Prince"; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Neptabyss, the Atlantean Prince" once per turn.')
('Trickstar Reincarnation', 'Banish your opponent\'s entire hand, and if you do, they draw the same number of cards. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Trickstar" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.')
('Breaker the Dark Magical Warrior', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: Place 2 Spell Counters on it. If this card is Pendulum Summoned: Place 3 Spell Counters on it. Gains 400 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Breaker the Dark Magical Warrior" once per turn.')
('Emblem of the Plunder Patroll', 'Equip only to a "Plunder Patroll" monster. It gains 500 ATK, also your opponent cannot target it with card effects. You can send this equipped card to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Plunder Patroll" monster from your Extra Deck with the same Attribute as a monster on the field or in the GY, then take the monster that was equipped with this card, and equip it to that Special Summoned monster as an Equip Spell with this effect.\r\n● The equipped monster gains 500 ATK.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Emblem of the Plunder Patroll" once per turn.')
('Ritual Ceremony', 'Activate this Skill during your Main Phase. Once per Duel, you can reveal 1 Ritual Monster from your hand, then add 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand that can Ritual Summon that monster.')
('Dark Soul Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon".')
('Trishula, the Dragon of Icy Imprisonment', '3 monsters with different names\r\nMust first be either Fusion Summoned using only monsters in your hand and/or field, or Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). If this card was Special Summoned using only monsters that were originally Dragons: You can reveal and banish 3 cards (1 from your Deck, 1 from the top of your opponent\'s Deck, and 1 from their Extra Deck). You can only use this effect of "Trishula, the Dragon of Icy Imprisonment" once per turn.')
('Monster Rebone', "If your opponent Special Summoned a monster this turn: Activate this card by targeting 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon it to your side of the field in Defense Position. When this card leaves the field, banish that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.")
('Scrap Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card and sent to your GY: Target 1 non-Synchro "Scrap" monster in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Devotee of Nephthys', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Rebirth of Nephthys". You can only use each of the following effects of "Devotee of Nephthys" once per turn.\n● If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can activate this effect; Special Summon 1 "Nephthys" monster from your Deck, also during the End Phase of this turn, destroy this card.\n● If this card is in the GY: You can destroy 1 "Nephthys" card in your hand, and if you do, Special Summon this card.')
('Barrier Resonator', "During either player's turn: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 Tuner monster you control; this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no battle damage from attacks involving it.")
('Infernity Dwarf', 'While you have no cards in your hand, if a monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Sky Scout', 'With eyes like a hawk and a flying speed exceeding Mach 5, this monster is a master of the sky.')
('Nordic Relic Gungnir', 'Banish 1 "Aesir" or "Nordic" monster you control, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it, also during your 2nd End Phase after activation, return the monster you banished to activate this card to the field in face-up Attack Position.')
('Sargasso Lighthouse', 'When a Spell effect that would inflict damage to you is activated: You take no damage from that effect. While this card is in your Graveyard, you take no damage from the effect of "Sargasso the D.D. Battlefield". When this Set card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Sargasso the D.D. Battlefield" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Zoodiac Gathering', 'If a "Zoodiac" Xyz Monster you control would detach its Xyz Material(s) to activate an effect, you can detach Xyz Material(s) from another Xyz Monster(s) you control instead. You can only use this effect of "Zoodiac Gathering" once per turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 2 "Zoodiac" Xyz Monsters you control; attach 1 of those monsters to the other monster as Xyz Material.')
('Qliphort Disk', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All "Qli" monsters you control gain 300 ATK.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card\'s current Level. When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Qli" monster(s): You can Special Summon 2 "Qli" monsters from your Deck, but destroy them during the End Phase.')
('Gateway of the Six', 'Each time a "Six Samurai" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 2 Bushido Counters on this card. You can remove Bushido Counters from your field to activate these effects.\r\n● 2 Counters: Target 1 "Six Samurai" or "Shien" Effect Monster; that target gains 500 ATK until the end of this turn.\r\n● 4 Counters: Add 1 "Six Samurai" monster from your Deck or GY to your hand.\r\n● 6 Counters: Target 1 "Shien" Effect Monster in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Dragunity Draft', 'When this card is activated: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Dragunity" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. If your "Dragunity" monster with an original Level of 5 or higher attacks, it is unaffected by your opponent\'s card effects until the end of the Damage Step. You can only activate 1 "Dragunity Draft" per turn.')
('Spacetime Transcendence', 'Banish 2 or more Dinosaur monsters from your GY; Special Summon 1 Dinosaur monster from your hand or GY whose Level equals the total Levels of those banished monsters, but it cannot attack this turn.')
('Ogre of the Scarlet Sorrow', "During your opponent's turn, when your opponent declares a second direct attack during the same Battle Phase, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. When you do, this card's ATK and DEF becomes equal to the ATK and DEF of the first monster that attacked directly this turn, if it is still face-up on the field. The turn this card is Special Summoned with this effect, your opponent cannot select monsters other than this card as an attack target while this card is face-up on the field.")
('Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon', '3 Level 6 Winged Beast-Type monsters\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this turn, this card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent\'s face-up Special Summoned monster: That monster\'s ATK and DEF become 0. If this card has a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster as Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the ATK that monster had on the field.')
('Infernoid Harmadik', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Infernoid" monster from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent\'s Graveyard; banish it (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Handcuffs Dragon', 'When this card is destroyed by battle with an attacking monster your opponent controls and is sent to the Graveyard, you can equip this card to that monster. The equipped monster loses 1800 ATK. When it is destroyed and this card is sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card.')
('Junk Changer', 'You can only use the following effect of "Junk Changer" once per turn. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Junk" monster on the field, then activate 1 of these effects;\n● Increase its Level by 1.\n● Reduce its Level by 1.')
('Kozmo Tincan', 'During either player\'s turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 2 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmo Tincan" once per turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can pay 500 LP; reveal 3 "Kozmo" cards with different names from your Deck, your opponent randomly picks 1 for you to add to your hand, and you send the rest to the Graveyard.')
('Respect Play', 'During their respective turns, each player must show their opponent their hand.')
('Injection Fairy Lily', "If this card attacks or is attacked, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can pay 2000 LP once per battle; this card gains 3000 ATK during that damage calculation only.")
('Photon Satellite', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 other "Photon" monster you control; the Levels of both that monster and this card become the combined current Levels of those 2 monsters.')
("Valkyrie's Embrace", 'If all monsters you control are "Valkyrie" monsters: Target 1 Attack Position "Valkyrie" monster you control and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change your monster to Defense Position, and if you do, banish that opponent\'s monster. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, except "Valkyrie" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Valkyrie\'s Embrace" per turn.')
('Smile World', 'All face-up monsters currently on the field gain 100 ATK for each monster currently on the field, until the end of this turn.')
('Myutant Mist', 'Cannot be Special Summoned, except with the effect of a "Myutant" card. Your opponent cannot target this card with Spell effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Myutant Mist" once per turn. When your opponent activates a Trap Card or effect (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 card from your hand or field; draw 2 cards. If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can target 1 of your banished "Myutant" monsters; add it to your hand.')
('Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Nekroz" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Tribute this card from your hand or face-up from your side of the field; Tribute monsters from your hand or field, then Ritual Summon 1 "Nekroz" Ritual Monster from your hand whose Level exactly equals the total Levels of those monsters. You can only use this effect of "Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz" once per turn.')
('Parallel Selection', "Activate only when a Synchro Monster you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to the Graveyard. Select 1 of your removed from play Spell Cards and add it to your hand.")
('Helios - The Primordial Sun', "This card's ATK and DEF are each equal to the number of removed from play monsters x 100.")
('Blue Dragon Ninja', 'Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can discard 1 "Ninja" monster and 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; this turn, that monster\'s effects are negated, also that monster cannot attack.')
('Satellarknight Vega', 'If this card is Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "tellarknight" monster from your hand, except "Satellarknight Vega". You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Vega" once per turn.')
('Nirvana High Paladin', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf a Pendulum Monster you control attacks, for that battle, it cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no battle damage. At the end of the Damage Step, if a Pendulum Monster you control attacked: All monsters your opponent currently controls lose ATK equal to that attacking monster's ATK, until the end of this turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters\r\nFor this card's Synchro Summon, you can treat 1 Pendulum Summoned Pendulum Monster you control as a Tuner. If this card is Synchro Summoned using a Pendulum Summoned Pendulum Monster Tuner: You can target 1 card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can halve your opponent's LP. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.")
('Reptilianne Scylla', 'If this card destroys a monster with 0 ATK by battle, you can Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard to your side of the field in face-up Defense Position. The effect(s) of that monster is negated.')
('Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can discard 1 card; add 1 face-up Dragon Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones and a face-up "Odd-eyes" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You cannot Pendulum Summon the turn you activate this effect. During damage calculation, if this card attacks an opponent\'s monster: You can make that opponent\'s monster lose 1000 ATK for each face-up Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck, during damage calculation only. You can only use each effect of "Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon" once per turn.')
('Battle Warrior', 'A warrior that fights with his bare hands!!!')
('Abyss Actor - Wild Hope', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 "Abyss Actor" card in your other Pendulum Zone; its Pendulum Scale becomes 9 until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Abyss Actor" monsters (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can make this card gain 100 ATK for each "Abyss Actor" monster you currently control with different names, until the end of this turn. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 "Abyss Actor" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Abyss Actor - Wild Hope". You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Wild Hope" once per turn.')
('Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Sprite', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dream Mirror" monster: You can add 1 "Dream Mirror" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Sprite". During the Main or Battle Phase, if "Dream Mirror of Terror" is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Mara" from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Sprite" once per turn.')
('Magical Android', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nDuring each of your End Phases: Gain 600 LP for each Psychic-Type monster you currently control.')
('Terror from the Deep!', 'Activate this Skill during your Main Phase, while you control "Kairyu-Shin". When this Skill is activated, you can activate "Umi" directly from your hand, Deck or GY. While you control "Kairyu-Shin", all WATER monsters you control are unaffected by Trap effects. If "Kairyu-Shin" you control leaves the field, draw 2 cards, and if you do, flip this card over.')
("Foucault's Cannon", '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nDuring the End Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nA mechanized life form, roving through space-time. But the mysterious thing is that its memory i... m...stly gone. W...at is t...e reason? D..... refuse t... b.... interfered w...h?')
('Dragoroar', 'Banish 1 EARTH, 1 WATER, 1 FIRE, and 1 WIND monster from your Graveyard; shuffle 1 card on the field into the Deck.')
('Kunoichi', 'When control of this face-up card changes, its new controller discards 1 random card.')
('Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect. During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can send 1 face-up "Meklord" monster you control to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; it cannot attack for the rest of this turn. When a card or effect is activated that would destroy a card(s) on the field (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Gladiator Beast Andabata', '"Gladiator Beast Augustus" + 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters\r\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If Summoned this way: You can Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower "Gladiator Beast" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can return it to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck.')
('Zeradias, Herald of Heaven', 'You can discard this card to the GY; add 1 "The Sanctuary in the Sky" from your Deck to your hand. If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is not on the field, destroy this card.')
('Skull Stalker', "Foist he's gonna grab yer monstah wit' his claws, den attack again wit' his poizin stingah!")
('Vylon Cube', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a LIGHT monster: You can add 1 Equip Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Chimeratech Rampage Dragon', '2+ "Cyber Dragon" monsters\r\nA Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target Spells/Traps on the field, up to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon; destroy them. Once per turn: You can send up to 2 LIGHT Machine monsters from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, for each monster sent to the GY, this card gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('A Wild Monster Appears!', "If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters: Special Summon from your hand, 1 monster with an original Level of 10 or lower that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set, ignoring its Summoning conditions. It is unaffected by the effects of your cards, except for its own effects and this card's, also shuffle it into the Deck during your opponent's next End Phase. For the rest of this turn, you cannot Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon monsters, and your opponent takes no damage.")
('Curse of Royal', 'Negate the activation and the effect of a Spell or Trap Card that includes the effect of destroying 1 Spell or Trap Card and destroy it.')
('Madolche Chateau', 'When this card is activated: Shuffle all "Madolche" monsters in your Graveyard into the Deck. All "Madolche" monsters on the field gain 500 ATK and DEF. If a monster(s) in your Graveyard would be returned to the Deck by the effect of a "Madolche" monster, you can add it to your hand instead.')
('Extinction on Schedule', "During the Main Phase: Pay 2000 LP; make both players send all cards they control to the Graveyard at the end of the 3rd Battle Phase after this card's activation.")
('Amorphage Lysis', 'All monsters on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters, lose 100 ATK and DEF for each "Amorphage" card on the field. If a card(s) in your Pendulum Zone is destroyed (except during the Damage Step): You can place 1 "Amorphage" Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Amorphage Lysis" once per turn.')
('X-Krawler Synaphysis', '2 EARTH monsters\r\n"Krawler" monsters this card points to cannot be destroyed by battle, gain 300 ATK/DEF, and can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent\'s card effect while its owner controls it: You can target 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them in face-down Defense Position.')
('Orcustrated Core', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 monster from your field or GY, then target 1 "Orcust" or "World Legacy" card you control, except "Orcustrated Core"; neither player can target it with card effects this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If other "Orcust" and/or "World Legacy" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can send this card to the GY instead.')
('Heavy Metal Raiders', 'The first time each DARK Machine monster you control would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed, and if you took battle damage from the battle, it gains that much ATK after damage calculation, and keeps that ATK gain as long as this card is on the field. Once per turn, if a monster you control that was originally a DARK Machine destroys a card(s) on the field by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 DARK Machine monster from your hand.')
('Waterfall of Dragon Souls', 'Activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Add 1 Wyrm monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● Send any number of Wyrm monsters from your hand and/or face-up from your field to the GY; draw cards equal to the number of monsters you sent to the GY +1.')
('Fortune Lady Fire', 'This card\'s ATK/DEF become its Level x 200. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Increase this card\'s Level by 1 (max. 12). When this card is Special Summoned in Attack Position by the effect of a "Fortune Lady" card: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster\'s ATK on the field.')
('Ancient Fairy Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. Once per turn: You can destroy as many Field Spells on the field as possible, and if you do, gain 1000 LP, then you can add 1 Field Spell from your Deck to your hand.')
('Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force', 'Target 1 Rank 5 or higher Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" or "CXyz" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) When a Rank 5 or higher Xyz Monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field while this card is in your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can add this card from the Graveyard to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force" once per Duel.')
('Superancient Deepsea King Coelacanth', "Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; Special Summon as many Level 4 or lower Fish-Type monsters as possible from your Deck, but they cannot declare an attack and their effects are negated. During either player's turn, when this face-up card on the field is targeted by a card effect: You can Tribute 1 other Fish-Type monster; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.")
("Gravekeeper's Assailant", 'When this card declares an attack while "Necrovalley" is on the field: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target\'s battle position.')
('Arisen Gaia the Fierce Knight', 'If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Tributed: You can Special Summon 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster from your hand or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Arisen Gaia the Fierce Knight" once per turn. When you Ritual Summon a "Black Luster Soldier" monster, you can banish this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon.')
('Stamping Destruction', 'If you control a Dragon monster: Target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy that target, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to its controller.')
('Delinquent Duo', 'Pay 1000 LP; your opponent discards 1 random card, and if they have any other cards in their hand, discard 1 more card of their choice.')
('Robotic Knight', 'The Commander of Machine-Types, he serves the Machine King. He is famous for the way he controls his troops.')
('Gaia the Fierce Knight Origin', 'This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Warrior monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "Gaia the Fierce Knight Origin" once per turn. You can send 1 Level 5 or higher monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 monster on the field whose current ATK is different from its original ATK; its ATK becomes its original ATK.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Wall", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the GY or reveal 1 Rock monster in your hand. When your opponent activates a Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Number Wall', 'Activate only if you control a "Number" monster. "Number" monsters on the field cannot be destroyed by card effects, and cannot be destroyed by battle except with another "Number" monster. When a "Number" monster you control is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('Wiz, Sage Fur Hire', 'If this card is Special Summoned: You can gain 500 LP for each monster "Fur Hire" you control with a different name, except "Wiz, Sage Fur Hire". When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card or effect (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card "Fur Hire"; negate the activation. You can only use each effect of "Wiz, Sage Fur Hire" once per turn.')
('Rising Fire', '(This card is always treated as a "Salamangreat" card.)\r\nIf you control no monsters: Activate this card by targeting 1 FIRE monster in your GY; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. The equipped monster gains 500 ATK. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can banish 1 monster on the field. You can only use each effect of "Rising Fire" once per turn.')
('Number 35: Ravenous Tarantula', "2 Level 10 monsters\nAll monsters you control gain ATK and DEF equal to the difference between your LP and your opponent's. While this card has Xyz Material, each time your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), inflict 600 damage to your opponent. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to this card's.")
('Naturia Butterfly', "Once per turn, when your opponent's monster declares an attack, you can send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard and negate that attack.")
('Sky Iris', 'Your opponent cannot target "Magician", "Performapal", or "Odd-Eyes" cards in your Pendulum Zones with card effects. You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Sky Iris" once per turn.')
('Relinquished Spider', 'If you have 4 or more Insect-Type monsters in your Graveyard, you can Tribute this card to destroy all face-up Defense Position monsters your opponent controls.')
('Warrior of Zera', 'A wandering warrior who seeks the sanctuary where he can gain the power of the Archlords. To escape the temptation of evil fiends, he fights solo day by day.')
('Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can place 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n2 Level 7 Dragon-Type monsters\r\nIf you can Pendulum Summon Level 7, you can Pendulum Summon this face-up card in your Extra Deck. If this card is Xyz Summoned by using an Xyz Monster as a Material: Destroy as many Level 7 or lower monsters your opponent controls as possible, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each card destroyed, and if you do, this card can make 3 attacks during each Battle Phase this turn. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can destroy as many cards in your Pendulum Zones as possible (min. 1), and if you do, place this card in your Pendulum Zone.')
('Arcane Archer of the Forest', 'While there is a Plant-Type monster on your side of the field, this card cannot be attacked. By Tributing 1 Plant-Type monster on your side of the field, destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.')
('Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon', "You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 2 monsters with 2000 or more ATK. During the Battle Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster (Quick Effect): You can target that opponent's monster; banish both this card from the field and that target. Return those banished monsters to the field at the end of the Battle Phase, and if you banished an Xyz Monster, this card gains 500 ATK for each material it had when it was banished.")
('Abyss Actor - Leading Lady', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when you take battle damage from an opponent\'s attacking monster: You can activate 1 of these effects;\r\n●That opponent\'s monster loses ATK equal to the damage you took (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n●Add 1 face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand with ATK less than or equal to the damage you took.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when battle damage is inflicted: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses ATK equal to that battle damage. When this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner\'s Monster Zone is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can Set 1 "Abyss Script" Spell directly from your Deck.')
('Vendread Reunion', 'Reveal 1 "Vendread" Ritual Monster in your hand, Special Summon any number of your banished "Vendread" monsters with different names, in face-down Defense Position, whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the revealed Ritual Monster, Tribute all those face-down Defense Position monsters, then Ritual Summon that Ritual Monster from your hand. You must be able to Ritual Summon to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Chrysalis Pantail', 'You can Tribute this card while "Neo Space" is on the field to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Dark Panther" from your hand or Deck.')
('Holograh', 'This machine generates illusions that leave an enemy wide open to attacks.')
('Naturia Antjaw', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), you can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Naturia" monster from your Deck.')
('Cyber Angel Benten', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". If this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the GY: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster\'s original DEF in the GY. If this card is Tributed: You can add 1 LIGHT Fairy monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Disciples of the True Dracophoenix', 'You can target 3 "True Draco" and/or "True King" cards in your GY; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card. During your Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Tribute Summon 1 "True Draco" or "True King" monster face-up. If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY: You can target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Disciples of the True Dracophoenix" once per turn.')
('Bujingi Fox', 'During either player\'s turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard and send 1 "Bujin" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; you take no damage this turn.')
('Sword of Deep-Seated', 'The equipped monster gains 500 ATK/DEF. If this card is sent to your GY: Place it on top of your Deck.')
('Reactan, Dragon Ruler of Pebbles', 'You can discard this card AND 1 Dragon-Type or EARTH monster; Special Summon 1 "Redox, Dragon Ruler of Boulders" from your Deck. It cannot attack this turn. You can only use the effect of "Reactan, Dragon Ruler of Pebbles" once per turn.')
('Dice Re-Roll', 'One time, during the rest of this turn, if either player(s) rolls a die (or dice), you can have the player(s) re-roll. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)')
('Flowerbot', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card, then place 1 card from your hand on the top of the Deck.')
('Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat', 'This card can attack your opponent directly, but when it uses this effect, any Battle Damage it inflicts to your opponent is halved. If this face-up card is destroyed while it is in a Monster Card Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.')
('Fairy Archer Ingunar', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a Plant monster: You can target 1 Level 6 or higher Plant monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Plant monsters. You can only use this effect of "Fairy Archer Ingunar" once per turn. Cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned.')
('Dark Requiem Xyz Dragon', '3 Level 5 monsters\nIf this card has "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" as material, it gains these effects.\n● Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to that monster\'s original ATK.\n● When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can Special Summon 1 Xyz Monster from your GY.')
('Fishborg Archer', 'If this card is in your Graveyard and you control no monsters during either of your Main Phases: You can discard 1 WATER monster; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard, but destroy all monsters you control at the beginning of this turn\'s Battle Phase, except for WATER monsters. You can only use the effect of "Fishborg Archer" once per turn.')
('Chthonian Blast', "When a face-up monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy the 1 face-up monster on the field that has the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied), and if you do, inflict damage to both players equal to half of that monster's ATK.")
('Interplanetary Invader "A"', 'Gain control of a monster that attacks this face-up Attack Position card, at the end of the Battle Phase.')
('Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card from your Deck to your hand. When this card is Flip or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Ninja" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo".')
('Synchro Boost', 'The equipped monster gains 500 ATK, and its Level is increased by 1.')
('Red Warg', 'When you Normal Summon a "Resonator" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, but its ATK becomes halved.')
('Royal Firestorm Guards', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: Target 4 Pyro-Type monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 4 into the Deck, then draw 2 cards.')
('Desert Locusts', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: The turn player discards 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Desert Locusts" once per turn. Once per Chain, during your opponent\'s Main Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control.')
('Trickstar Holly Angel', '2 "Trickstar" monsters\r\nEach time a "Trickstar" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to, inflict 200 damage to your opponent. "Trickstar" monsters this card points to cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If your opponent takes damage by a "Trickstar" monster\'s effect: This card gains ATK equal to the damage they took, until the end of this turn.')
('Infernoble Knight Captain Roland', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can activate this effect; during the End Phase of this turn, send 1 Equip Spell from your Deck to the GY, then add 1 Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand. During the Main Phase, if this card is in your GY (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Warrior monster you control; equip this card to that monster you control as an Equip Spell that gives it 500 ATK. You can only use each effect of "Infernoble Knight Captain Roland" once per turn.')
('Snowman Effect', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the other monsters you control, until the end of this turn. It cannot attack directly during the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Snowman Effect" per turn.')
('Karakuri Trick House', 'Activate only when the battle position of a face-up "Karakuri" monster you control is changed. Select 1 card on the field, and destroy it.')
('Cyber Revsystem', 'Special Summon 1 "Cyber Dragon" from your hand or GY. It cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Isolde, Belle of the Underworld', 'If you control "Tristan, Knight of the Underworld", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can target up to 2 Zombie monsters you control and declare a Level from 5 to 8; they become that Level until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Zombie monsters. You can only use this effect of "Isolde, Belle of the Underworld" once per turn.')
('Jabbing Panda', 'If 2 or more Beast-Warrior monsters are on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Jabbing Panda" once per turn this way. If this card is sent from the field to your GY: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 500 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Jabbing Panda" once per turn.')
('Batteryman Solar', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 Thunder monster from your Deck to the GY. If a Thunder monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned while this monster is on the field: Special Summon 1 "Batteryman Token" (Thunder/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can target 1 "Batteryman" Effect Monster you control or in your GY; this card\'s name becomes that monster\'s until the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Batteryman Solar" once per turn.')
('Windwitch - Winter Bell', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner WIND monsters\nYou can target 1 "Windwitch" monster in your GY; inflict damage to your opponent equal to that target\'s Level x 200. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 "Windwitch" monster you control; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand with a Level less than or equal to that monster, but it cannot attack this turn. You can only use each effect of "Windwitch - Winter Bell" once per turn.')
('Gagagawind', 'Special Summon 1 "Gagaga" monster from your hand as a Level 4 monster.')
('Tiki Curse', "Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Rock-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 1000). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) While this card is an Effect Monster, if another Trap Card that is a monster battles an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: Destroy that opponent's monster.")
('Snatch Steal', "Equip only to a monster your opponent controls. Take control of the equipped monster. During each of your opponent's Standby Phases: They gain 1000 Life Points.")
('Miracle Stone', 'You can only control 1 "Miracle Stone". All Spellcaster monsters you control gain 500 ATK/DEF for each "Fortune Fairy" monster you control with different names. Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving your "Fortune Fairy" monster: You can draw 1 card.')
('Cyberse Witch', '2 Cyberse monsters\r\nIf a monster is Special Summoned to a zone this card points to (except during the Damage Step): You can banish 1 Spell from your GY; add 1 Cyberse Ritual Monster and 1 "Cynet Ritual" from your Deck to your hand. During your Main Phase, if this effect was activated this turn: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Cyberse Witch" once per turn.')
('Aria the Melodious Diva', 'While this Special Summoned card is on the field, "Melodious" monsters you control cannot be targeted by card effects, or be destroyed by battle.')
('Fusion Conscription', 'Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck and add 1 of the Fusion Materials whose name is specifically listed on that card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand, and if you do, for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon monsters with the added monster\'s name, also your monsters with that name cannot activate their effects. You can only activate 1 "Fusion Conscription" per turn.')
('Sorcerer of Dark Magic', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 2 Level 6 or higher Spellcaster-Type monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player's turn, when a Trap Card is activated: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.")
('Key Mace #2', 'This fiend brings out the worst in everyone.')
('Amazoness Fighter', 'You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card.')
('Mausoleum of the Emperor', 'During any Main Phase: The turn player can pay 1000 LP x the number of monsters normally needed for the Tribute Summon of a monster (max. 2000); that player Normal Summons/Sets that monster without Tributing. (This is their one Normal Summon/Set for that turn. This is not a Tribute Summon.)')
('Zoodiac Ramram', 'If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Zoodiac" monster in your GY, except "Zoodiac Ramram"; Special Summon it. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Beast-Warrior and has this card as material gains this effect.\r\n● When your opponent activates a Trap Card or effect that targets this card (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; negate the activation.')
('Wonder Clover', 'Select 1 face-up monster you control and send 1 Level 4 Plant-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard. During this turn, the selected monster can attack twice, but other monsters you control cannot declare an attack.')
('A Hero Emerges', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Your opponent chooses 1 random card from your hand, then if it is a monster that can be Special Summoned, Special Summon it. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard.")
('Revenge Rally', 'Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card to that target. It gains 500 ATK/DEF. If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster has left the field: Draw 1 card, or if you activated this card this turn, draw 2 cards then discard 1 card, instead. You can only use this effect of "Revenge Rally" once per turn.')
('Dawn Knight', 'If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can send 1 LIGHT monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. If this card is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard: Target 1 LIGHT monster in your Graveyard; place that target on the top of your Deck. You can only use 1 "Dawn Knight" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Harmonic Oscillation', 'If your opponent has 2 cards in their Pendulum Zones: Target those 2 cards; while both targets are in their Pendulum Zones, you can Pendulum Summon using their Pendulum Scales this turn, but only from the Extra Deck.')
('Head Judging', 'When a monster on the field activates its effect: You can make the activating player toss a coin and call it. If they call it right, send this card to the GY. If they call it wrong, negate that effect\'s activation, and if you do, change control of that monster to their opponent. You can only use this effect of "Head Judging" once per turn.')
('Amazoness Archer', 'You can Tribute 2 monsters; inflict 1200 damage to your opponent.')
('D/D/D Destiny King Zero Laplace', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nDuring your Main Phase: You can add 1 face-up "D/D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand, except "D/D/D Destiny King Zero Laplace". You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Destiny King Zero Laplace" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "D/D/D" monster. Before damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent\'s monster: You can activate this effect; this card\'s ATK becomes double that opponent\'s monster\'s original ATK until the end of the Damage Step. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. The first time this card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed, also you take no battle damage from that battle.')
('Graveyard and the Hand of Invitation', 'A graveyard that serves as a power source for zombies.')
('Judgment of Thunder', 'Activate only when you Summon a Thunder-Type monster(s). Destroy 1 card your opponent controls.')
('Mist Archfiend', 'You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Summoned this way: Destroy this card, and if you do, take 1000 damage.')
('The World Tree', 'Each time a face-up Plant-Type monster(s) on the field is destroyed, place 1 Flower Counter on this card. You can remove any number of Flower Counters from this card to activate these effects.\n● 1 Counter: Target 1 Plant-Type monster on the field; that target gains 400 ATK and DEF until the end of this turn. (This ATK gain remains even if this card leaves the field.)\n● 2 Counters: Target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.\n● 3 Counters: Target 1 Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.')
('Hieratic Dragon of Asar', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT Dragon-Type monster and 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your Graveyard. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed, you can Tribute 1 face-up "Hieratic" monster instead, except this card.')
('Masked HERO Blast', 'Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change". If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its current ATK. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; return it to the hand.')
('Danger! Chupacabra!', 'You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger! Chupacabra!", Special Summon 1 "Danger! Chupacabra!" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can target 1 "Danger!" monster in your GY, except "Danger! Chupacabra!"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Danger! Chupacabra!" once per turn.')
('Predaplanning', 'Send 1 "Predaplant" monster from your Deck to the GY; place 1 Predator Counter on each face-up monster on the field, and if you do, any of those monsters that are Level 2 or higher become Level 1 as long as they have a Predator Counter. If you Fusion Summon a DARK monster while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Predaplanning" once per turn.')
('Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster as Material, it is treated as a Tuner monster while face-up on the field. This card gains 300 ATK for each "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Winged Beast-Type Synchro Monster in your Graveyard, except "Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling"; Special Summon it.')
('Infinitrack Anchor Drill', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 EARTH Machine monster from your hand in Defense Position, except "Infinitrack Anchor Drill". You can target 1 other Machine monster you control; the Levels of both that monster and this card become the combined original Levels of those 2 monsters, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Anchor Drill" once per turn.')
('Needle Sunfish', 'When this card is sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses 500 ATK.')
('Paleozoic Anomalocaris', "3 or more Level 2 monsters\nThis card is unaffected by other monsters' effects. Once per turn, if a Trap Card(s) is sent from your Spell & Trap Zone to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Trap Card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. Once per turn, during either player's turn, if this card has a Trap Card as Xyz Material: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.")
('Black Brachios', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 monster on the field; change that target to face-up Defense Position.')
('Dice Roll Battle', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Target 1 "Speedroid" monster in your Graveyard; banish both it and 1 "Speedroid" Tuner monster in your hand, and if you do, Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Synchro Monster whose Level equals the total original Levels of those 2 monsters. During your opponent\'s Battle Step: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up Attack Position Synchro Monster on each side of the field; make that face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls attack that monster you control, and perform damage calculation.')
('Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Blackwing" monster. If Summoned this way, this card is treated as a Tuner monster. Once per turn: You can target 1 Synchro Monster you control, and declare a Level from 1 to 8; it becomes that Level until the end of this turn.')
('Andro Sphinx', 'You can pay 500 Life Points to Special Summon this card when "Pyramid of Light" is on the field. This card cannot attack during the turn that it is Normal Summoned or Special Summoned. This card cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. If this card destroys a Defense Position monster as a result of battle, inflict damage to your opponent\'s Life Points equal to half of the ATK of the destroyed monster.')
('Makiu, the Magical Mist', 'Target 1 "Summoned Skull", or 1 Thunder monster, in your Monster Zone; destroy all monsters your opponent controls with DEF less than or equal to the ATK of that monster. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Magistery Alchemist', 'Banish 4 "HERO" monsters from your GY and/or face-up field, then target 1 "HERO" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions. If you banished EARTH, WATER, FIRE, and WIND Attributes to activate this effect, the monster\'s original ATK becomes doubled, also negate the effects of all face-up cards your opponent currently controls. You can only activate 1 "Magistery Alchemist" per turn.')
("Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone", 'If you have a "Winged Kuriboh" monster in your GY: Pay half your LP; add 1 "Polymerization" Spell or "Fusion" Spell from your Deck to your hand. If this card is in your GY: You can banish 3 copies of "Sabatiel - The Philosopher\'s Stone" from your GY, then target 1 monster on the field; it gains ATK equal to the ATK of the monster on the field with the highest ATK (your choice, if tied), until the end of this turn.')
('Commencement Dance', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Performance of Sword". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Level Stars equal 6 or more from the field or your hand.')
('Trojan Blast', "Activate only when an opponent's card effect shifts control of a monster from your side of the field to theirs. Destroy that 1 monster and inflict damage to your opponent equal to its ATK.")
('Appointer of the Red Lotus', "Pay 2000 Life Points and reveal all cards in your hand. Look at your opponent's hand and select 1 card. Remove that card from play until your opponent's next End Phase.")
('Gussari @Ignister', 'When a Link Monster is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When your Link Monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to that destroyed monster\'s original ATK. When an attack is declared involving a Link Monster you control and an opponent\'s monster: You can banish this card from your GY; the ATK\'s of those monsters become 3000. You can only use each effect of "Gussari @Ignister" once per turn.')
('D.D. Patrol Plane', 'During the End Phase, if this card is currently banished, and was banished this turn: You can banish 1 card from your hand, field, or GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card in Attack Position. You can only use this effect of "D.D. Patrol Plane" once per turn.')
('Kunai with Chain', "Activate 1 or both of these effects (simultaneously).\n● When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; change that target to Defense Position.\n● Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 500 ATK.")
('Dark Contract with the Eternal Darkness', 'While you have 2 "D/D" cards in your Pendulum Zones, your opponent cannot target monsters on the field with Spell/Trap effects, Tribute them for a Tribute Summon, nor use them as Materials for a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Summon. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage.')
("Ghost Meets Girl - A Shiranui's Story", 'If your opponent controls a monster: Discard 1 Zombie monster; Special Summon 1 "Shiranui" monster with a different name from your Deck or GY, also you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Zombie monsters, for the rest of this turn after this card resolves. You can only activate 1 "Ghost Meets Girl - A Shiranui\'s Story" per turn.')
('Fossil Warrior Skull Knight', '1 Rock monster + 1 Level 5 or 6 monster\r\nMust first be Special Summoned with "Fossil Fusion". If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. When this attacking card destroys a monster by battle: You can activate this effect; it can make a second attack in a row. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Fossil Warrior Skull Knight" once per turn.')
('Destiny HERO - Diamond Dude', 'Once per turn: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Normal Spell, send it to the GY, otherwise place it on the bottom of your Deck. During the Main Phase of your next turn, you can activate the effect of that Spell in your GY (even if you no longer control this face-up card).')
('Electric Virus', 'You can discard this card to the Graveyard, then target 1 Machine or Dragon-Type monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase.')
('Evil HERO Infernal Gainer', 'During your Main Phase 1: You can banish this card from the field, then target 1 Fiend monster you control; that target can make a second attack during each Battle Phase while you control it face-up. Once per turn, during your second Standby Phase after this card was banished to activate this effect: Special Summon this card in Attack Position.')
('Naturia Hydrangea', 'If the effect of a "Naturia" monster you control was activated during this turn, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Eternal Chaos', 'Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; send 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your Deck to the GY, whose combined ATK is less than or equal to that monster\'s, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you can only activate 1 monster effect in the GY. You can only activate 1 "Eternal Chaos" per turn.')
('Drytron Meteonis Draconids', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Meteonis Drytron". Your opponent cannot target this card with monster effects. If the total Levels of monsters used for its Ritual Summon are 2 or less, this card can attack all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls once each. During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can banish monsters from your GY whose combined ATK equals exactly 2000 or 4000, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls for every 2000 ATK of the total; send that card(s) to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Drytron Meteonis Draconids" once per turn.')
('Toon Rollback', 'Target 1 Toon monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('Bonding - D2O', 'Tribute 2 "Duoterion" and 1 "Oxygeddon" in your hand and/or field; Special Summon 1 "Water Dragon" or "Water Dragon Cluster" from your hand, Deck, or GY. (This is treated as a Special Summon with the effect of "Bonding - H2O".) If "Water Dragon" or "Water Dragon Cluster" is sent from the field to your GY while this card is in your GY: Add this card to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Bonding - D2O" once per turn.')
('Chain Summoning', 'Activate as Chain Link 3 or higher: You can conduct up to 3 Normal Summons/Sets this turn, not just 1. You cannot activate this card if multiple cards with the same name, or the effects of such cards, are already activated in that Chain.')
('Kazejin', "During damage calculation in your opponent's turn, if this card is being attacked: You can target the attacking monster; make that target's ATK 0 during damage calculation only (this is a Quick Effect). This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.")
('The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves', 'A DARK Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.\n● If it is Xyz Summoned: It gains 1000 ATK.\nYou can banish this card from your GY; send 1 "Phantom Knights" card from your Deck to the GY. You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves" once per turn.')
('Reinforce Truth', 'Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your Deck. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Darklord Morningstar', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card is Tribute Summoned: You can Special Summon "Darklord" monsters from your hand and/or Deck, up to the number of Effect Monsters your opponent controls. While you control another "Darklord" monster, your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. Once per turn: You can send cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard, equal to the number of "Darklord" monsters on the field, and if you do, gain 500 LP for each "Darklord" card sent to the Graveyard by this effect.')
('Ojama Knight', '1 "Ojama" monster + 1 "Ojama" monster\r\nSelect up to 2 of your opponent\'s Monster Card Zones. The selected zones cannot be used.')
('Black Dragon Ninja', 'Cannot be Special Summoned, except with the effect of a "Ninja" monster or "Ninjitsu Art" card. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can send 1 "Ninja" monster and 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card from your hand and/or face-up from your field to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster on the field; banish it. If this face-up card leaves the field: Special Summon as many monsters banished by this card\'s effect as possible to their owner\'s field(s).')
('Pyrotech Mech - Shiryu', 'You can Tribute Summon this card with 1 Tribute. If Summoned this way, during each End Phase: You take 1000 damage. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Elemental HERO Sparkman', 'An Elemental HERO and a warrior of light who proficiently wields many kinds of armaments. His Static Shockwave cuts off the path of villainy.')
('Chronomaly Technology', 'Target 1 "Chronomaly" monster in your Graveyard; banish it, then look at the top 2 cards of your Deck, add 1 of them to your hand, and send the other to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Chronomaly Technology" per turn. You cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this card, except "Chronomaly" monsters.')
('Dogmatika Nexus', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect. You can target 4 Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, and/or Link Monsters in the GYs; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, banish them. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Special Summoned monster: Destroy all your opponent's Attack Position monsters, then inflict 800 damage to your opponent for each Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, and Link Monster destroyed by this effect.")
('Link Bumper', "2 Cyberse monsters\r\nOnce per turn, at the end of the Damage Step, if your monster this card points to attacked an opponent's Link Monster: You can activate this effect; the monster that attacked gains 1 additional attack on an opponent's Link Monster during this Battle Phase for each Link Monster you currently control, except this card. Your monsters (except that monster) cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.")
('Sky Striker Maneuver - Afterburners!', 'If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zone: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy it, then, if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY, you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap on the field.')
('Power-Up Adapter', 'After activation, treat this card as an Equip Card and equip it to 1 face-up "Morphtronic" monster you control. The equipped monster cannot attack. Then, select 1 face-up monster on the field, except the equipped monster. It gains ATK equal to the ATK of the equipped monster.')
('Nemeses Umbrella', 'You can target 1 of your banished monsters, except "Nemeses Umbrella"; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, shuffle that target into the Deck. You can target 1 "Nemeses" monster in your GY, except "Nemeses Umbrella"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Nemeses Umbrella" once per turn.')
('Sanctity of Dragon', '3+ Dragon Effect Monsters\nMust be Link Summoned. If this Extra Linked card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their LP to 0, you win the Match.')
('Black Salvo', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 DARK Machine-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position, but its effects are negated.')
('Old Mind', 'Look at 1 random card in your opponent\'s hand, then apply 1 of the following effects.\n● Discard both that opponent\'s card and 1 card from your hand of the same type (Monster, Spell, or Trap), then add this card from the field to your opponent\'s hand, and if you do, draw 1 card.\n● Lose 1000 LP.\nYou can only activate 1 "Old Mind" per turn.')
('Opera the Melodious Diva', 'Cannot attack the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon: You can activate this effect; for the rest of this turn, "Melodious" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.')
('Called by the Grave', "Target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; banish it, and if you do, until the end of the next turn, its effects are negated, as well as the activated effects and effects on the field of monsters with the same original name.")
('Remote Revenge', "Activate only when a monster you control is targeted by a Spell, Trap, or Effect Monster's effect that destroys 1 monster on the field. Switch the target to an appropriate monster your opponent controls.")
('The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. Requires 3 Tributes from either side of the field to Normal Summon to that side of the field (cannot be Normal Set), then shift control to this card\'s owner during the End Phase of the next turn. Cannot attack. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks or by card effects. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of Ra" from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions, and if you do, its ATK/DEF become 4000.')
('Scrap Crash', 'Activate only when a "Scrap" monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard. Destroy all face-up Spell/Trap Cards on the field.')
('Blackwing - Abrolhos the Megaquake', "Cannot be Special Summoned. This card cannot destroy monsters by battle. If this card battles a monster, after damage calculation: Return that monster to the hand. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can have this card lose exactly 1000 ATK, and if you do, return all cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone to the hand.")
('Hero Blast', 'Target 1 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand, then if your opponent controls any monsters with ATK less than or equal to that target\'s ATK, destroy 1 of them.')
('Magic Formula', 'Equip only to "Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl". It gains 700 ATK. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: Gain 1000 LP.')
('Starving Venom Fusion Dragon', "2 DARK monsters on the field, except Tokens\nIf this card is Fusion Summoned: You can make this card gain ATK equal to 1 opponent's Special Summoned monster, until the end of this turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher monster your opponent controls; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that monster's original name, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. If this Fusion Summoned card is destroyed: You can destroy all your opponent's Special Summoned monsters.")
('Jar of Greed', 'Draw 1 card.')
("Rod of the Mind's Eye", 'If a monster equipped with this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, the damage becomes 1000 points.')
('Soul Release', 'Target up to 5 cards in any GY(s); banish them.')
('Infernoble Knight - Renaud', 'If you control a FIRE Warrior monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If Summoned this way, treat this card as a Tuner. You can only Special Summon "Infernoble Knight - Renaud" once per turn this way. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 of your FIRE Warrior monsters, or 1 of your Equip Spells, that is banished or in your GY, except "Infernoble Knight - Renaud"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Infernoble Knight - Renaud" once per turn.')
('Tornado Bird', "FLIP: Return 2 Spell or Trap Cards on the field to their owners' hands.")
('Super Double Summon', 'Select 1 Gemini monster you control and Normal Summon it. During the End Phase of this turn, return it to your hand.')
('Dark Grepher', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 Level 5 or higher DARK monster. Once per turn: You can discard 1 DARK monster; send 1 DARK monster from your Deck to the GY.')
('Desert Twister', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 WIND and 1 EARTH monsters from your GY. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it.')
('B.E.S. Crystal Core', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, put 3 counters on it. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks or is attacked, remove 1 counter from this card at the end of the Damage Step. If you cannot, destroy it. Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can change 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls to face-up Defense Position.')
('Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf', "2 Level 4 Machine-Type monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Machine-Type monster you control; this turn, it can attack your opponent directly, also other monsters cannot attack. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can add 1 Level 4 Machine-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.")
('Energy Drain', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 200 ATK/DEF for each card your opponent currently has in their hand, until the end of this turn.')
('Cupid Volley', 'You can choose a number from 1 to 3, then send that many cards from the top of your Deck to the GY; increase this card\'s Level by the number of cards sent to the GY this way, until the end of this turn. If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card and sent to your GY: You gain 1500 LP. You can only use each effect of "Cupid Volley" once per turn.')
('Toon Defense', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack targeting a face-up Level 4 or lower Toon Monster you control: You can make the attack a direct attack instead.")
("Gergonne's End", 'Target 1 "Tindangle" Link Monster you control; equip this card to it. It cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also your opponent cannot target it with card effects. Once per turn, if there are monsters in all zones the equipped monster points to: If there are still monsters in all zones the equipped monster points to, you can destroy this card and all of those monsters, then, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the equipped monster\'s ATK before they were destroyed.')
('Fake Feather', 'Send 1 "Blackwing" monster from your hand to the Graveyard and select 1 Normal Trap Card in your opponent\'s Graveyard. The effect of this card will be same as the selected Normal Trap Card.')
('Atlantean Dragoons', 'All Level 3 or lower Sea Serpent-Type monsters you control can attack your opponent directly. When this card is sent to the Graveyard to activate a WATER monster\'s effect: Add 1 Sea Serpent-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Atlantean Dragoons".')
('Minerva, Lightsworn Maiden', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 LIGHT Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, whose Level is less than or equal to the total number of "Lightsworn" monsters with different names in your Graveyard. If this card is sent from the hand or Deck to the Graveyard: Send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard. During each of your End Phases: Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Token Thanksgiving', 'Destroy all tokens on the field. Increase your Life Points by the number of tokens destroyed x 800 points.')
('Krystal Dragon', 'Once per turn, during your Battle Step, if this card battled this turn: You can add 1 Level 8 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Intrigue Shield', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. Once per turn, while the equipped monster is in Attack Position, it cannot be destroyed by battle. You take no battle damage from attacks involving it.')
('Karakuri Super Shogun mdl 00N "Bureibu"', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner Machine monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Karakuri" monster from your Deck. Monsters you control in Defense Position cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn, if the battle position of a face-up "Karakuri" monster(s) you control is changed (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card your opponent controls; banish it.')
('Geargiattacker', 'Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: You can destroy any number of Spell/Trap Cards on the field, up to the number of other "Geargia" monsters you control.')
('Nemuriko', 'A child-like creature that controls a sleep fiend to beckon enemies into eternal slumber.')
('Dekoichi the Battlechanted Locomotive', 'FLIP: Draw 1 card, then draw 1 additional card for each face-up "Bokoichi the Freightening Car" you control.')
('T.G. Rush Rhino', 'If this card attacks, it gains 400 ATK during the Damage Step only. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can add 1 "T.G." monster from your Deck to your hand, except "T.G. Rush Rhino".')
('Senior Silver Ninja', 'When this card is flipped face-up: You can Special Summon any number of "Ninja" monsters, except "Senior Silver Ninja", from your hand and/or Graveyard in face-down Defense Position. There can only be 1 face-up "Senior Silver Ninja" on the field.')
('Mermail Abyssturge', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can discard 1 WATER monster to the Graveyard, then target 1 Level 3 or lower WATER monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. You can only use the effect of "Mermail Abyssturge" once per turn.')
('Guerilla Kite', 'If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Guerilla Kite" once per turn.')
('Ceremonial Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Offering to the Immortals". This Token cannot be Tributed, except for a Tribute Summon of an "Earthbound Immortal" monster, and cannot be used as Synchro Material monsters.')
('Donpa, Marksman Fur Hire', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Donpa, Marksman Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Donpa, Marksman Fur Hire" once per turn.')
('Oppressed People', 'They are oppressed, but believe they will have their freedom someday.')
('Dragonic Utopia Ray', '3 Level 5 monsters\r\n(This card\'s name is always treated as "Number C39: Utopia Ray".)\r\nOnce per turn, when this card is targeted for an attack or by a card effect (Quick Effect): You can equip 1 "ZW -" monster from your hand or Deck to this card, as if it were equipped by its own effect. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target face-up cards your opponent controls up to the number of "ZW -" Monster Cards equipped to this card; negate their effects.')
('Number 106: Giant Hand', "2 Level 4 monsters\nDuring either player's turn, when a monster effect is activated on your opponent's field (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; while this card is face-up on the field, that Effect Monster's effects are negated, also it cannot change its battle position.")
("Pal-O'Mine-zation!", '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.] \r\n\r\nDuring your turn, you may reveal 1 Normal Monster in your hand. This turn, that Monster can substitute for any 1 Fusion Material. If you do, the other Fusion Material(s) must be the correct one(s). \r\nThis Skill can only be used once per Duel.')
('Supply Squad', 'Once per turn, if a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Draw 1 card.')
('Turu-Purun', 'A strange, one-eyed monster that can fell an enemy with a single stab of its spear.')
('Metalfoes Combination', 'Once per turn, if a Fusion Monster is Fusion Summoned: You can target 1 "Metalfoes" monster in your Graveyard with a lower Level than that Fusion Monster; Special Summon it. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Metalfoes" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Diabolos, King of the Abyss', "Cannot be Special Summoned. If you Tribute Summon this card, the Tributes must be DARK. Cannot be Tributed by card effects while face-up on the field. Once per turn, during your opponent's Draw Phase, before their normal draw: Look at the top card of your opponent's Deck, and if you do, place that card on either the top or bottom of their Deck.")
('Amazoness Paladin', 'This card gains 100 ATK for each "Amazoness" monster you control.')
('Ignition Beast Volcannon', '1 Machine-Type monster + 1 Pyro-Type monster\nWhen this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, also destroy this card, then if both monsters were destroyed, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the monster in the Graveyard that was targeted by this effect.')
('Performapal Parrotrio', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if you control a "Performapal", "Magician", or "Odd-Eyes" card in your other Pendulum Zone, except "Performapal Parrotrio": You can make this card\'s Pendulum Scale become 7 until the end of this turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Performapal" monster from your Deck, except a Pendulum Monster.')
('Magical Musket - Cross-Domination', 'If you control a "Magical Musket" monster: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; until the end of this turn, change its ATK/DEF to 0, also it has its effects negated. You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Cross-Domination" per turn.')
('Invoked Elysium', '1 "Invoked" monster + 1 monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck\r\nMust first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. While face-up on the field, this card is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, and WIND-Attribute. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can target 1 "Invoked" monster you control or in your Graveyard; banish it and all monsters your opponent controls with the same Attribute as that monster.')
('Blackwing - Boreas the Sharp', 'During your Main Phase 1: You can banish this card from the Graveyard, then target 1 "Blackwing" monster you control; if that monster attacks this turn, you take no battle damage from that attack, it is not destroyed by that battle, also destroy the opponent\'s monster that it battled, after damage calculation.')
('Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, during the End Phase, if your opponent activated a card or effect this turn that targeted 1 "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster you controlled (and no other cards) while this card was in your Pendulum Zone: Special Summon this card, and if you do, place 1 face-up "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck in your Pendulum Zone, except "Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon".\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster on the field that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; it has its effects negated, until the end of this turn.')
('Breakthrough Skill', 'Target 1 face-up Effect Monster your opponent controls; that face-up monster your opponent controls has its effects negated until the end of this turn. During your turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up Effect Monster your opponent controls; that target has its effects negated until the end of this turn.')
('Raise Body Heat', 'Equip only to a Dinosaur monster. It gains 300 ATK/DEF.')
('Predaplant Chlamydosundew', 'Monsters with a Predator Counter that you use as Fusion Materials are treated as DARK. During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 DARK Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using this card on the field and monsters from your hand, field, and/or monsters with a Predator Counter your opponent controls as Fusion Materials. You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Chlamydosundew" once per turn.')
('Mist Bird Clausolas', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0, and if it does, its effects are negated. These changes last until the end of this turn.')
('The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots', 'If you control a "The Phantom Knights" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots" once per turn this way. You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Phantom Knights" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots" once per turn.')
('Turning of the World', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Ruin, Queen of Oblivion" or "Demise, King of Armageddon" from your hand or Deck. You must also Tribute Ritual Monsters from your hand whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. You can only activate 1 "Turning of the World" per turn.')
('Adamancipator Relief', 'Tribute any number of "Adamancipator" monsters, then target cards on the field equal to that number +1; destroy them.')
('Dark Verger', 'When a Plant-Type Tuner monster is Normal Summoned to your side of the field: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in Attack Position.')
('Lancer Lindwurm', 'If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Petit Angel', "A quick-moving and tiny fairy that's very difficult to hit.")
('Shovel Crusher', 'Armed with a pair of shovels, this monster will destroy anything that stands in its way.')
("Hiro's Shadow Scout", 'FLIP: Your opponent draws 3 cards. Both players look at the cards. If there are any Spell Cards among them, discard all those Spell Card(s) to the Graveyard.')
('Cyber Angel Idaten', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can add 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck or GY to your hand. If this card is Tributed: You can make all Ritual Monsters you control gain 1000 ATK/DEF.')
('Link Disciple', '1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster\r\nYou can Tribute 1 monster this card points to; draw 1 card, then place 1 card from your hand on the bottom of the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Link Disciple" once per turn.')
('Black Garden', 'If a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned face-up, except by the effect of "Black Garden": Halve its ATK, then, the controller of that monster Special Summons 1 "Rose Token" (Plant/DARK/Level 2/ATK 800/DEF 800) to their opponent\'s field in Attack Position. (This ATK loss remains even if this card leaves the field.) You can target 1 monster in your GY with ATK equal to the total ATK of all Plant monsters on the field; destroy this card and as many Plant monsters on the field as possible, then, if you destroyed all of them, Special Summon that targeted monster.')
('Illusory Snatcher', 'When you Tribute Summon a monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, the Type, Attribute, and Level of this card become the same as that face-up Tribute Summoned monster.')
('Falchion Beta', "If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Activate 1 of these effects.\n● Send 1 LIGHT Machine-Type monster with 1200 or less ATK from your Deck to your Graveyard.\n● Target 1 LIGHT Machine-Type monster with 1200 or less ATK in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.")
('Needle Soldier', 'If this card is used as a Synchro Material Monster for a Synchro Monster, during battle between that Synchro Monster and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of that Synchro Monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Drytron Asterism', 'During the Main Phase: Target 1 "Drytron" monster or 1 Ritual Monster you control, and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the end of your opponent\'s turn, that monster you control loses exactly 1000 ATK, and if it does, destroy that opponent\'s monster. You can only activate 1 "Draitron Asterism" per turn.')
('Black Sonic', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack on a "Blackwing" monster you control: Banish all face-up Attack Position monsters your opponent controls. If you control exactly 3 "Blackwing" monsters (and no other monsters), you can activate this card from your hand.')
('Gouki Iron Claw', 'During the Damage Step, when your "Gouki" monster battles an opponent\'s monster (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand to the GY; until the end of this turn, your monster gains 500 ATK, and if it does, it is unaffected by your opponent\'s card effects. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Iron Claw". You can only use each effect of "Gouki Iron Claw" once per turn.')
('Banner of Courage', 'All monsters you control gain 200 ATK during your Battle Phase only.')
('Deep of Blue-Eyes', 'If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 Ritual Spell or 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand. During your End Phase: You can add 1 Level 8 or higher Dragon monster from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY; all Level 8 or higher Dragon monsters you control gain 1000 ATK. You can only use each effect of "Deep of Blue-Eyes" once per turn. You can only activate each effect of "Deep of Blue-Eyes" while there is a "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" on your field or in your GY.')
('Dimensional Inversion', "Activate only when a monster(s) you own is removed from play by an opponent's effect. Special Summon 1 of those monsters.")
('Electromagnetic Shield', 'Level 3 or lower Defense Position Thunder-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle. Destroy this card if you control a face-up Attack Position monster.')
('Dragon Caller', '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.] \r\n\r\nOnce per Duel, you can use 1 of the following Skills.\r\n• If you successfully Normal Summon “Lord of D.”, add 1 “The Flute of Summoning Dragon” from your Deck or GY to your hand.\r\n• Reveal “The Flute of Summoning Dragon” from your hand, then add 1 “Lord of D.” from your Deck or GY to your hand.')
('Fiendish Engine Omega', 'During your End Phase: Special Summon 1 "Engine Token" (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 200/DEF 200) in Attack Position. Once per turn: You can have this card gain 1000 ATK until the End Phase. During the End Phase, if this effect of this card was used: Destroy this card.')
('Indomitable Gladiator Beast', 'Target face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster you control gains 500 ATK until the End Phase. While this card is in your Graveyard, you can return 2 "Gladiator Beast" cards from your Graveyard to the Deck to return this card to your hand.')
('Dark Burning Magic', 'If you control monsters whose original names are "Dark Magician" and "Dark Magician Girl": Destroy all cards your opponent controls.')
('Draw Muscle', 'Target 1 Defense Position monster you control with 1000 or less DEF; draw 1 card, also that monster cannot be destroyed by battle this turn. You can only activate 1 "Draw Muscle" per turn.')
('Gouki The Blade Ogre', '2+ "Gouki" monsters\r\nGains 300 ATK for each monster it points to. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 monster this card points to on either field; this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('Performapal Odd-Eyes Dissolver', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Dragon Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nAt the start of the Damage Step, if your Pendulum Monster battles an opponent\'s monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, your monster cannot be destroyed by that battle. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Odd-Eyes Dissolver" once per turn. During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using this card you control as Fusion Material, as well as other monsters you control or cards in your Pendulum Zones.')
('Atlantean Attack Squad', 'This card gains 800 ATK while you control a face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster other than this card.')
('Heavy Storm', 'Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.')
("Gravekeeper's Curse", 'If this card is Summoned: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Doppelganger', 'When you take damage from the effect of a monster your opponent controls, inflict the same amount of damage to your opponent.')
('Dark Horus', "Once per turn, after resolving a Spell Card that was activated during your opponent's Main Phase: You can target 1 Level 4 DARK monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.")
('Twin-Headed Behemoth', 'During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon this card, but its ATK/DEF become 1000. You can only use this effect of "Twin-Headed Behemoth" once per Duel.')
('Noble Arms - Excaliburn', 'Equip only to a "Noble Knight" monster. It cannot be targeted by an opponent\'s card effects. During your turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Noble Knight" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Noble Knight" Xyz Monster with a different name, by using that target as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) You can only use this effect of "Noble Arms - Excaliburn" once per turn.')
('Jack-In-The-Hand', 'Reveal 3 Level 1 monsters with different names from your Deck, your opponent adds 1 to their hand, you add 1 to your hand, and you shuffle the third into the Deck. You can only activate 1 "Jack-In-The-Hand" per turn.')
('Outrigger Extension', 'Your opponent cannot target Machine Xyz Monsters you control with card effects. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Infinitrack" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Machine monster that is 2 Ranks higher than that target, by using that target as material, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except EARTH Machine monsters (even if this card leaves the field). (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.)')
('Gellenduo', 'Cannot be destroyed by battle. If you take any damage: Destroy this face-up card. This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a LIGHT Fairy monster.')
('Chaos King Archfiend', '1 Fiend-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card declares an attack: You can switch the current ATK and DEF of all face-up monsters your opponent controls, until the end of the Battle Phase.')
('Gagaga Samurai', '2 Level 4 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Gagaga" monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn. When another monster you control is targeted for an attack while this card is in Attack Position: You can change this card to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, change the attack target to this card and perform damage calculation.')
('Sonic Chick', 'Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has 1900 or more ATK.')
('Super Soldier Soul', 'You can send 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; until your opponent\'s next End Phase, this card\'s ATK becomes 3000, and this card\'s name becomes "Black Luster Soldier". You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Beginning Knight" or "Evening Twilight Knight" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Super Soldier Soul" once per turn.')
('Dragunity Knight - Trident', "1 Dragon-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Winged Beast-Type monsters\nOnce per turn, you can send up to 3 cards you control to the Graveyard to look at your opponent's Extra Deck and send an equal number of cards from there to the Graveyard.")
('Assault on GHQ', "Target 1 monster you control; destroy it, then send 2 cards from the top of your opponent's Deck to the GY.")
('Spellbook of the Master', 'If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster: You can reveal 1 other "Spellbook" card in your hand, then target 1 "Spellbook" Normal Spell Card in your Graveyard, except "Spellbook of the Master"; this card\'s effect becomes that target\'s effect. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of the Master" per turn.')
('Evolsaur Terias', 'When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: This card loses 500 ATK.')
('Adhesion Trap Hole', "When your opponent Summons a monster(s): Halve that monster(s)'s original ATK.")
('Zushin the Sleeping Giant', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing a monster you control with 10 Zushin Counters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can reveal this card in your hand, then target 1 Level 1 Normal Monster you control (keep this card revealed until the end of this turn); place 1 Zushin Counter on it. Unaffected by other cards' effects. If this card battles a monster, during damage calculation: ATK and DEF of this card become equal to the current ATK of the monster it is battling +1000, during that damage calculation only.")
('Dancing Fairy', 'As long as this card remains in face-up Defense Position on your side of the field, increase your Life Points by 1000 points during each of your Standby Phases.')
('Past Image', "If you control a face-up Psychic-Type monster: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it. During the next Standby Phase, it returns to the opponent's side of the field in the same Battle Position.")
('Malefic Parallel Gear', 'When using this card as a Synchro Material Monster, the other Synchro Material Monster is 1 "Malefic" monster in your hand.')
('Subterror Nemesis Archer', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks an opponent\'s face-down Defense Position monster, and you control another "Subterror" monster: You can shuffle that opponent\'s monster into the Deck. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Subterror" monster from your Deck in face-up or face-down Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Subterror Nemesis Archer" once per turn.')
('Wandering Mummy', 'You can flip this card into face-down Defense Position once per turn during your Main Phase. After you use this effect, rearrange the face-down Defense Position monsters in your Main Monster Zones, then return them in face-down Defense Position.')
('Void Launch', 'During each of your Standby Phases: You can send up to 2 "Infernoid" monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard. If you control a monster that is not an "Infernoid" monster, send this card to the Graveyard.')
('Gingerbread House', 'During your opponent\'s Standby Phase: You can have as many monsters they control as possible gain 600 ATK, then destroy as many monsters they control as possible with 2500 or more ATK, and if you do, gain LP equal to the number of monsters destroyed x 500. (The ATK gain remains even if this card leaves the field.) You can only use this effect of "Gingerbread House" once per turn.')
('Photon Trident', 'Target 1 face-up "Photon" monster you control; until the End Phase, it gains 700 ATK, and if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. When it inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent this turn: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Bujingi Peacock', 'During your Main Phase 2: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; add 1 "Bujin" monster from your Deck to your hand. You cannot activate cards or effects the turn you activate this effect, except "Bujin" cards. You can only use the effect of "Bujingi Peacock" once per turn.')
('Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon', '1 DARK Dragon-Type monster + 1 Beast-Type monster\nMust be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by Tributing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"), and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card destroys a monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the Beast-Type Fusion Material used for this card\'s Summon.')
('Scrap Worm', 'This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card attacks, it is destroyed at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, except "Scrap Worm", and add it to your hand.')
('Coach Soldier Wolfbark', 'You can target 1 Level 4 FIRE Beast-Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position. Its effects are negated. You can only use the effect of "Coach Soldier Wolfbark" once per turn.')
('Ruins of the Divine Dragon Lords', 'If a monster(s) is Special Summoned, except from the GY while you control a Level 7 or 8 Dragon monster: Negate that face-up Special Summoned monster(s)\'s effects until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn: You can send 1 other face-up card you control to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Dragon Lord Token" (Dragon/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; add this card to your hand.')
('No More Mrs. Nice Mai!', 'Once per turn, when your monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent, destroy 1 Spell/Trap on the field.')
('Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon', 'If this card that was Tribute Summoned by Tributing an "Ancient Gear" monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Gadget" monster, it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. If this card attacks, your opponent\'s Spell/Trap Cards and monster effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: You can destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field.')
('Infestation Wave', 'Return 1 face-up Tribute Summoned "Steelswarm" monster you control to the hand to target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Performapal Popperup', 'Send up to 3 cards from your hand to the GY; draw that many cards, then you can Special Summon up to that many monsters from your hand, with different names, that are "Performapal" monsters, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters, and/or "Odd-Eyes" monsters, each with a Level between the Pendulum Scales of the 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones. If you did not Special Summon by this effect, you lose 1000 LP for each card in your hand. You can only activate 1 "Performapal Popperup" per turn.')
('Super Quantal Mech King Great Magnus', '3 Level 12 monsters\r\nIf this card is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 3 "Super Quantal Mech Beast" Xyz Monsters with different names from your GY. This card gains these effects, based on the number of materials with different names attached to it. ● 2+: Once per turn, during the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; shuffle 1 card on the field into the Deck. ● 4+: It is unaffected by card effects, except "Super Quant" cards. ● 6+: Your opponent cannot add cards from the Deck to the hand by card effects.')
('Eldlixir of Black Awakening', 'Special Summon 1 Zombie monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position, but if you control no "Eldlich" monsters, you can only Special Summon "Eldlich" monsters with this effect. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Zombie monsters. You can banish this card from your GY; Set 1 "Golden Land" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck. You can only use 1 "Eldlixir of Black Awakening" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('A Deal with Dark Ruler', '(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)\nIf a Level 8 or higher monster under your control was sent to the Graveyard this turn: Special Summon 1 "Berserk Dragon" from your hand or Deck.')
('Masked Chopper', "If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, inflict 2000 damage to your opponent.")
('SPYRAL MISSION - Recapture', 'Destroy this card during your 3rd End Phase after activation. Once per turn, if a "SPYRAL" monster is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase, but it cannot attack directly this turn. If a "SPYRAL" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead of destroying 1 of those "SPYRAL" monsters.')
('Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Peacock', '2 "Fire Fist" monsters\nWhile this card points to a "Fire Fist" monster, your opponent\'s monsters cannot target this card for attacks. When this card declares an attack: You can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control to the GY, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; place that opponent\'s monster in a zone this card points to and take control of it until the End Phase, but it cannot declare an attack this turn. You can only use this effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Peacock" once per turn.')
('Spell Chronicle', "Activate this card by sending your entire hand to the GY; banish 5 Spells/Traps from your Deck. Each time your opponent activates a Spell Card, place 1 Chronicle Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. You can remove 2 Chronicle Counters from this card; your opponent chooses 1 card banished by this card's effect for you to add to your hand. If this face-up card in the Spell & Trap Zone leaves the field: You take 500 damage for each card currently banished by this card's effect.")
('Number 63: Shamoji Soldier', '2 Level 1 monsters\nYou can only use the effect of "Number 63: Shamoji Soldier" once per turn. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects;\n● At the start of your opponent\'s next Standby Phase, each player draws 1 card.\n● Each player gains 1000 Life Points.')
('Anarchist Monk Ranshin', "When this card you control is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card (either by battle, by card effect, or by being destroyed): Target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target.")
('Gogogo Giant', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Gogogo" monster in your GY; Special Summon that target in Defense Position, then change this card to Defense Position. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase.')
('Cybernetic Overflow', 'Banish "Cyber Dragon(s)" with different Levels from your hand, face-up field, and/or GY, then destroy an equal number of cards your opponent controls. If this card on the field is destroyed by card effect: Add 1 "Cyber" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Cybernetic Overflow" once per turn.')
('Goblin Fan', 'When a Level 2 or lower monster is Flip Summoned, destroy it. Its effects do not activate at that time.')
('Yosenju Kama 1', 'If this card is Normal Summoned, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Yosenju" monster from your hand, except "Yosenju Kama 1". If you control another "Yosenju" monster: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.')
('Mind Drain', 'Activate this card by paying 1000 LP. Effects of monsters in the hand cannot be activated.')
('Bururu @Ignister', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "@Ignister" monster from your Deck to the GY. If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Synchro Summon of a Cyberse monster: You can target 1 monster in your GY that was used for that Synchro Summon, except "Bururu @Ignister"; Special Summon that monster. You can only use each effect of "Bururu @Ignister" once per turn.')
('Shiny Black "C"', "During either player's turn, when exactly 1 Synchro Monster is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field: You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target that face-up Synchro Monster; destroy that target.")
('Alviss of the Nordic Alfar', 'If only this card is banished by the effect of a "Nordic" Link Monster: You can send to the GY, 1 "Nordic" monster you control and 2 "Nordic" monsters from your Deck, whose total Levels equal 10, then Special Summon 1 "Aesir" monster from your Extra Deck. If an "Aesir" monster(s) in your possession is sent to your GY by your opponent\'s card: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Aesir" monster from your Extra Deck, with a different name from the cards in your GY. You can only use this effect of "Alviss of the Nordic Alfar" once per duel.')
('Spirit of the Mountain', 'An elderly magician that raises mountains with his flute.')
('Windwitch - Freeze Bell', 'If all monsters you control are "Windwitch" monsters (min. 1): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Windwitch - Freeze Bell" once per turn. Once per turn: You can increase this card\'s Level by 1. A WIND Synchro Monster that used this card as material cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Necro Fleur', 'If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Sorciere de Fleur" from your Deck.')
('Ledger of Legerdemain', 'Banish 3 cards from the top of your Deck, face-down. During your 3rd Standby Phase after this card\'s activation, add all 3 cards to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Ledger of Legerdemain" per turn.')
('Dice Jar', "FLIP: Both players roll a six-sided die. The player with the lower result takes damage equal to their opponent's roll x 500. However, if the winner rolled a 6, the loser takes 6000 damage. If the rolls are the same, both players roll again.")
('Fusion Deployment', 'Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck and Special Summon, from your hand or Deck, 1 of the Fusion Materials whose name is specifically listed on that card, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Fusion Monsters, the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Fusion Deployment" per turn.')
('Revival Swarm', 'Target 1 "Battlewasp" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Insect monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, until the end of the next turn. You can only use this effect of "Revival Swarm" once per turn.')
('Jack-o-Bolan', 'You can discard 1 Zombie monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. During your opponent\'s Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Zombie monster in either GY; Special Summon that monster (but banish it when it leaves the field), then banish this face-up card until the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Jack-o-Bolan" once per turn.')
('Tuningware', 'This card can be treated as a Level 2 monster when used for a Synchro Summon. If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon: Draw 1 card.')
('Aqua Dragon', '"Fairy Dragon" + "Amazon of the Seas" + "Zone Eater"')
('Horseytail', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Horseytail Token" (Plant-Type/WIND/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to your opponent\'s side of the field in Defense Position. When this Token is destroyed by battle with a Plant-Type monster, its controller sends 1 card from their hand to the Graveyard.')
('Mekanikal Arkfiend', 'When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your hand or Graveyard.')
('Ojamandala', '[THIS IS A DUEL LINKS EXCLUSIVE CARD]\r\nPay 1000 LP, then target 1 each of "Ojama Green", "Ojama Yellow", and "Ojama Black" in your Graveyard; Special Summon them.')
('Penguin Knight', 'When this card is sent directly from your Deck to the Graveyard by an effect of a card controlled by your opponent, unite your Graveyard cards and your own Deck, shuffle them and form a new Deck.')
('Tachyon Spiral Galaxy', 'Target 1 Dragon "Galaxy" monster you control; until the end of this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle, also it is unaffected by other card effects, except its own. You can only activate 1 "Tachyon Spiral Galaxy" per turn. If you control a "Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon" monster, you can activate this card from your hand.')
("Sage's Stone", 'If you control a face-up "Dark Magician Girl": Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand or Deck.')
('The Book of the Law', 'Tribute 1 "Invoked" monster; Special Summon 1 "Invoked" monster from your Extra Deck with a different original Attribute from that monster\'s. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.) You can only activate 1 "The Book of the Law" per turn.')
("Magician's Right Hand", "Negate the effect of your opponent's first Spell Card or effect that resolves each turn while you control a Spellcaster monster, and if you do, or if it did not have an effect, destroy that card.")
('Bark of Dark Ruler', "If a Fiend-Type monster you control battles, during the Damage Step: Pay LP (in multiples of 100 points), then target the opponent's battling monster; that opponent's monster loses that much ATK and DEF, until the end of this turn.")
('Neo Bug', 'A huge bug-like monster said to come from another planet. It gathers in swarms.')
('Mutually Affured Destruction', 'Both players must keep their hands revealed this turn. While their hands are revealed by this effect, if they both have a card with the same name in their hands, neither player can activate cards with that name, or their effects.')
('Sword Hunter', 'At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed a monster(s) by battle and sent it to the Graveyard this Battle Phase: Equip all those monsters from the Graveyard to this card as an Equip Spell Card(s) with this effect.\n● The equipped monster gains 200 ATK.')
('Beatdown!', '[If you control a Level 5 or higher monster, you can activate this Skill.]\r\n\r\nAll monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK for each Level 5 or higher monster you control. At the end of your turn, flip this card over.')
('Lady Ninja Yae', "By discarding 1 WIND monster from your hand to the Graveyard, return all Spell and Trap Cards on your opponent's side of the field to the owner's hand.")
('Noble Knight Gawayn', 'If you control a LIGHT Normal Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position.')
('Prohibition', 'Activate by declaring 1 card name. Cards with that name, and their effects, cannot be used. Cards already on the field are not affected (including face-down cards).')
('Overmind Archfiend', '1 Psychic-Type Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner Psychic-Type monsters\nOnce per turn, you can select 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard, and remove it from play. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, Special Summon as many monsters as possible that were removed from play by this effect.')
('Armageddon Knight', 'When this card is Summoned: You can send 1 DARK monster from your Deck to the GY.')
('Beast Magic Attack', 'Remove Spell Counters from your field to activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● 2: Return 1 "Mythical Beast" Pendulum Monster you control to the hand.\r\n● 4: Special Summon 1 face-up "Mythical Beast" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, then you can place 2 Spell Counters on it.\r\n● 6: Special Summon 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Beast Magic Attack" per turn.')
('Magician of Black Chaos MAX', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Chaos Form". If this card is Special Summoned: You can Tribute 1 monster; your opponent cannot activate monster effects this turn. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can target 1 Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Magician of Black Chaos MAX" once per turn.')
('Legendary Flame Lord', 'This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Incandescent Ordeal". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 7 or more from the field or your hand. Each time you or your opponent activates 1 Spell Card, put 1 Spell Counter on this card. Remove 3 Spell Counters from this card to destroy all monsters on the field except this card.')
('Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" from your Deck. There can only be 1 "Malefic" monster on the field. Other monsters you control cannot declare an attack. If there is no face-up Field Spell on the field, destroy this card.')
('Photon Veil', 'Shuffle 3 LIGHT monsters from your hand into the Deck, then add 1 to 3 Level 4 or lower LIGHT monsters from your Deck to your hand. If you add 2 or more monsters, they must have the same name.')
('Dark Crusader', 'You can send 1 DARK monster from your hand to the Graveyard; this card gains 400 ATK.')
('Girochin Kuwagata', 'Despite its small size, this monster has powerful jaws that can rip metal to shreds.')
('Junk Gardna', '"Junk Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn, you can select 1 monster your opponent controls, and change its battle position. This effect can be activated during either player\'s turn. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can select 1 monster on the field and change its battle position.')
('Prideful Roar', "During damage calculation, if your monster battles an opponent's monster with a higher ATK: Pay LP equal to the difference in ATK; your monster gains ATK equal to that difference +300, during damage calculation only.")
('Overlay Regen', 'Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster on the field; attach this card to it as an Xyz Material.')
('Spool Code', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack, while you have 3 or more Cyberse monsters in your GY: Negate the attack, then, you can Special Summon up to 3 "Spool Tokens" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.')
('Superheavy Samurai General Coral', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhile you have a Spell/Trap Card(s) in your Graveyard, this card\'s Pendulum Scale becomes 4. Once per turn, when a "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can activate this effect; that monster can make a second attack in a row (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can Tribute up to 2 "Superheavy Samurai" monsters; draw that many cards. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai General Coral" once per turn.')
('Armored Bitron', 'You can Tribute this card: Special Summon 1 Cyberse monster from your Deck, except "Armored Bitron", but negate its effects, also you cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters. If a Link-3 or higher Link Monster you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Armored Bitron" once per turn.')
('Absorouter Dragon', 'If you control a "Rokket" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Absorouter Dragon" once per turn this way. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Absorouter Dragon" once per turn.')
('Lone Wolf', 'Activate only if the 1 and only monster on your side of the field is "Chu-Ske the Mouse Fighter", "Monk Fighter", or "Master Monk". That monster cannot be destroyed as a result of battle, and is unaffected by any of your opponent\'s monster effects.')
('Machina Sniper', 'Monsters cannot attack "Machina" monsters, except "Machina Sniper".')
("Robbin' Zombie", 'If your monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Send the top card of their Deck to the GY.')
('Chronomaly Crystal Skull', 'If you control a face-up "Chronomaly" monster: You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Chronomaly" monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand, except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull". The effect of "Chronomaly Crystal Skull" can only be used once per turn.')
('Xyz Territory', 'When an Xyz Monster battles another monster, that Xyz Monster gains 200 ATK & DEF x its Rank, during damage calculation only. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by a card effect, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster you control instead.')
('Rogue of Endymion', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Place 1 Spell Counter on it. You can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card and discard 1 Spellcaster monster; Set 1 Continuous Spell directly from your Deck, but for the rest of this turn you cannot activate it, or activate cards, or the effects of cards, with its name. You can only use each effect of "Rogue of Endymion" once per turn.')
('Zubaba Buster', 'If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent, at the end of that Damage Step: Destroy the 1 face-up monster on the field that has the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied), and if you do, this card loses 800 ATK.')
('King of the Beasts', 'You can Tribute 1 face-up "Moja" you control to Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. There can only be 1 face-up "King of the Beasts" on the field.')
('Cauldron of the Old Man', 'When this card is activated: Place 1 counter on it. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Place 1 counter on this card. Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects;\n● Gain 500 LP for each counter on this card.\n● Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each counter on this card.')
('Aroma Jar', "If this card is flipped face-up, this card cannot be destroyed by battle while it is face-up on the field. If this card is flipped face-up, during each player's End Phase: You gain 500 LP.")
('Psychic Commander', "When a Psychic-Type monster you control battles, during the Damage Step you can pay Life Points in multiples of 100 (max. 500) to have the monster it's battling lose that much ATK and DEF, until the End Phase.")
('Qliphort Scout', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can pay 800 LP; add 1 "Qli" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Qliphort Scout".\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nBooting in Replica Mode…\r\nAn error has occurred while executing C:\\sophia\\zefra.exe\r\nUnknown publisher.\r\nAllow C:\\tierra\\qliphort.exe ? <Y/N>…[Y]\r\nBooting in Autonomy Mode…')
('Nephthys, the Sacred Flame', '2+ monsters, including a Ritual Monster\nWhile this card is in the Extra Monster Zone, monsters your opponent controls cannot target "Nephthys" monsters in the Main Monster Zones for attacks. This card gains effects based on the number of Ritual Monsters used for its Link Summon.\n● 1+: Cannot be destroyed by battle.\n● 2+: Cannot be destroyed by card effects, also it gains 1200 ATK.\n● 3: Neither player can target this card with card effects, also it gains another 1200 ATK.')
('Light Effigy', 'If you Tribute Summon a LIGHT Normal Monster, you can treat this 1 monster as 2 Tributes.')
('Metalfoes Counter', 'If a card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Special Summon 1 "Metalfoes" monster from your Deck. During either player\'s turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 face-up "Metalfoes" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.')
('Cosmos Channelling', 'You can send 1 monster you control that is owned by your opponent to the GY; Special Summon 1 Machine monster from your hand or GY. When your opponent draws for their normal draw in their Draw Phase while you control "Jinzo": You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); your opponent reveals the card they drew, and if it is the declared card type, send this card to the GY, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Cosmos Channelling" once per turn.')
('Cosmic Compass', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon a number of "Compass Tokens" (Machine/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) up to the number of monsters your opponent controls.')
('Shiny Black "C" Squadder', 'Wherever there are shadows, you\'ll find the "C" Squad! Their hidden flying abilities let them confront the giants on equal terms!')
('Digging for Gold', 'Activate this Skill during your Main Phase. Once per Duel, you can banish 3 cards from your GY, then draw 1 card.')
('Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 2 monsters, while you control "Toon World". Cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. You must pay 500 LP to declare an attack with this monster. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. Can attack your opponent directly, unless they control a Toon monster, in which case this card must target a Toon monster for its attacks.')
('Perform Puppet', 'You can banish 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster from your GY; all monsters you currently control become that banished monster\'s Level, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If a face-up "Gimmick Puppet" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect and sent to the GY: You can target 1 of your banished "Gimmick Puppet" monsters; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Perform Puppet" once per turn.')
('Limit Overdrive', 'Return 1 Tuner Synchro Monster and 1 non-Tuner Synchro Monster you control to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck that has a Level equal to the combined Levels the 2 monsters had on the field, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only activate 1 "Limit Overdrive" per turn.')
('Twilight Cloth', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; banish any number of "Lightsworn" monsters from your GY, and if you do, that monster gains 200 ATK and DEF for each monster banished by this effect, until the end of this turn. If this card is sent from the Deck to the GY by a "Lightsworn" monster\'s effect: You can activate this effect; this turn, "Lightsworn" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.')
('Borrelguard Dragon', "3+ Effect Monsters\r\nCannot be destroyed by card effects. Once per turn: You can send 1 card from your Spell & Trap Zone to the GY; Special Summon from either GY to your field, 1 monster that was destroyed and sent there this turn, but negate its effects. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster on the field; change it to face-up Defense Position. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.")
('Des Dendle', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this monster on the field, you can equip it to your "Vampiric Orchis" as an Equip Spell Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card\'s effect, each time the equipped monster destroys 1 of your opponent\'s monsters, Special Summon 1 "Wicked Plant Token" (Plant-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 800/DEF 800). (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)')
('Deep Sea Aria', 'Banish 1 WATER monster from your GY; add 1 Level 4 or lower Sea Serpent monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Deep Sea Aria" per turn.')
('Minar', "When this card is discarded directly from your hand to the Graveyard by an effect of a card controlled by your opponent, inflict 1000 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.")
('Gogogo Golem', 'Once per turn, this Defense Position card cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Hidden Village of Ninjitsu Arts', 'If a "Ninja" monster is Summoned to your field: You can target 1 "Ninja" monster or 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card in your GY; add it to your hand, but you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with that name for the rest of this turn. If a "Ninja" monster(s) or "Ninjitsu Art" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect, you can banish 1 "Ninja" monster from your GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Hidden Village of Ninjitsu Arts" once per turn.')
('Kotodama', 'If there are face-up monsters with the same name on the field, destroy those monsters. (If a monster is Summoned or flipped face-up that has the same name as a monster that is already face-up on the field, the new face-up monster is destroyed. If they are Summoned or flipped face-up at the same time, they are all destroyed.)')
('Salamangreat Raccoon', 'When your "Salamangreat" monster is targeted for an attack by an opponent\'s monster: You can send this card from your hand to the GY, then target those 2 monsters that would battle; gain LP equal to the ATK of that opponent\'s monster, also your targeted monster cannot be destroyed by battle this turn. When your "Salamangreat" monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the GY, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Raccoon" once per turn.')
('Dragunity Purgatory', 'When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card while you control a "Dragunity" Synchro Monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, banish it, then, if you control a Level 10 "Dragunity" monster, 1 "Dragunity" monster you control gains ATK equal to the number of cards banished face-up x 100. You can only activate 1 "Dragunity Purgatory" per turn.')
('Spiritual Water Art - Aoi', "Tribute 1 WATER monster; look at your opponent's hand, then send 1 card from their hand to the Graveyard.")
('Live☆Twin Channel', 'When a monster declares an attack: You can Tribute 1 "Kisikil" or "Lilla" monster; negate that attack. During the End Phase: You can target 1 "Kisikil" or "Lilla" monster in your GY; shuffle it into the Deck, or, if you control no monsters, you can add it to your hand instead. You can only use each effect of "Live☆Twin Channel" once per turn.')
('Trent', 'A guardian of the woods, this massive tree is believed to be immortal.')
('Vylon Hept', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 "Vylon" Monster Card you control that is an Equip Card; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. Banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Spell Reclamation', "Discard 1 card and chain this card to a Spell Card you activated. Whenever that Spell Card is sent to the Graveyard, return it to its owner's hand.")
('Genex Gaia', 'If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy 1 "Genex Controller" monster you control instead.')
('B.E.F. Zelos', 'When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Boss Rush" from your Deck to your hand. All "B.E.S." monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF, your opponent cannot target them with card effects, and they cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "B.E.S." monster from your hand. If a "B.E.S." monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field: Place 1 counter on it.')
('Security Dragon', '2 monsters\r\nOnce while face-up on the field, if this card is co-linked: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; return it to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Security Dragon" once per turn.')
('Galloping Gaia', 'Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects during the Battle Phase while "Gaia the Dragon Champion" is in your Monster Zone. You can activate 1 of the following effects.\r\n● You can reveal 1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster in your hand; add 1 Level 5 Dragon monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● You can reveal 1 Level 5 Dragon monster in your hand; add 1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Galloping Gaia" once per turn.')
('Battle Mania', "Activate only during your opponent's Standby Phase. All face-up monsters your opponent controls are changed to Attack Position, and cannot change their battle positions this turn. All monsters your opponent currently controls must attack this turn, if able.")
('Cloudian - Smoke Ball', 'Smoke Balls are newly born Cloudians. They fear being alone, and would rather swing and sway in the sky with their friends.')
('Altergeist Manifestation', 'Target 1 "Altergeist" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Attack Position, and if you do, equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Altergeist" Trap in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Manifestation" once per turn.')
('Dark-Piercing Light', "Flip all face-down monsters on your opponent's side of the field face-up.")
('True King of All Calamities', '2+ Level 9 monsters\r\nOnce per turn (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card and declare 1 Attribute; this turn, all face-up monsters on the field become that Attribute, also all monsters in your opponent\'s possession with that Attribute cannot activate their effects or attack. Monsters that "True Draco" and "True King" monsters in your hand would destroy with their effects can be chosen from your opponent\'s field.')
('Kid Guard', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Tribute 1 "Hero Kid"; negate the attack, then add 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Photon Change', 'Send this card to the GY during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation. You can only use the following effect of "Photon Change" once per turn. Send 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster you control to the GY to activate 1 of these effects, or, if you send "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon", you can activate both, in sequence;\n● Special Summon 1 "Photon" monster from your Deck with a different original name than the sent monster.\n● Add 1 "Photon" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Photon Change".')
('Mirage Tube', 'This card cannot be activated from your hand. Activate only when a face-up monster you control is selected as an attack target. Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.')
('Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV4', 'Control of this face-up card cannot switch. During the End Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle this turn: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6" from your hand or Deck.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack', '2 Level 7 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; Special Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.')
('Aquarium Lighting', 'If an "Aquaactress" monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster, during damage calculation: Your battling monster\'s ATK and DEF each become double its current ATK and DEF during that damage calculation only. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Aqua-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Aqua-Type monsters. You can only control 1 "Aquarium Lighting".')
('Hyper Psychic Blaster', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Psychic-Type Monsters\nIf this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a Defense Position monster and that monster's DEF is lower than this card's ATK (use its original values if the other monster is no longer on the field): Gain LP equal to the surplus.")
('Soul Servant', 'Place 1 card on top of the Deck from your hand, Deck, or GY, that is "Dark Magician" or specifically lists "Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl" in its text, except "Soul Servant". During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY; draw cards equal to the number of "Palladium" monsters, "Dark Magician", and/or "Dark Magician Girl", with different names, on the field and in the GYs. You can only use this effect of "Soul Servant" once per turn.')
('Xyz Change Tactics', 'When a "Utopia" monster is Xyz Summoned to your field: You can pay 500 LP; draw 1 card. You can only control 1 "Xyz Change Tactics".')
('Zefra Path', 'Activate this card only if you have 2 "Zefra" cards in your Pendulum Zones, with active Pendulum Scales of 1 and 7. If this card is activated: Shuffle all monsters you control into the Deck, except "Zefra" monsters. Neither player can Special Summon monsters, except from the hand or the Extra Deck. While you have a card(s) in your Pendulum Zone, this card cannot be targeted by card effects. Destroy this card if a card(s) in your Pendulum Zone is destroyed.')
('Second Booster', 'You can Tribute this card to select 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control. The selected monster gains 1500 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Mechanical Snail', 'A cyborg snail that still travels at a slow pace.')
('Mount Sylvania', 'You can send 1 Plant-Type monster from your hand or face-up from your side of the field to the Graveyard; choose 1 "Sylvan" card from your Deck and place it on top of the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Mount Sylvania" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s End Phase: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on either the top or bottom of your Deck.')
('Doron', 'This monster splits in two and attacks from opposite sides.')
('Kuriboh Token', 'This card can be used as a "Kuriboh Token".\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Buzzsaw Shark', 'You can target 1 WATER monster you control; Special Summon from your Deck in Defense Position, 1 Fish monster with the same Level as that monster, but with a different name, and if you do, it cannot activate its effects this turn, also, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Xyz Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Buzzsaw Shark" once per turn. If this card is used for the Xyz Summon of a WATER monster, it can be treated as a Level 3 or 5 monster.')
('Blade Bounzer', "Once per turn, if this card attacks and your opponent controls a monster at the end of the Damage Step: You can discard 1 card; this card can attack an opponent's monster once again during this Battle Phase.")
('Skilled White Magician', 'Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves (max. 3). You can Tribute this card with 3 Spell Counters on it; Special Summon 1 "Buster Blader" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.')
('Magical Musket - Desperado', 'If you control a "Magical Musket" monster: Target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it. You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Desperado" per turn.')
("Gladiator Beast's Battle Gladius", 'Equip only to a "Gladiator Beast" monster. It gains 300 ATK. When the equipped monster is returned from your side of the field to the Deck and this card is sent to the Graveyard, return this card to your hand.')
('Inzektor Hornet', 'Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster\'s Level is increased by 3, also it gains ATK and DEF equal to this card\'s ATK and DEF. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard to target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Guiding Light', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 1 LIGHT monster in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Fusion Parasite', 'This card can be used as a substitute for any 1 Fusion Material whose name is specifically listed on the Fusion Monster Card, but the other Fusion Material(s) must be correct. Cannot be used as Fusion Material otherwise. If this card is Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials, including this card.')
('Amorphage Wrath', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhile you control an "Amorphage" monster, neither player can Tribute monsters, except "Amorphage" monsters. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.')
('Armed Dragon Thunder LV3', 'This card\'s name becomes "Armed Dragon LV3" while on the field or in the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Armed Dragon Thunder LV3" once per turn.\r\n● You can send 1 monster from your hand to the GY; send this card from the field to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 5 or lower "Armed Dragon" monster from your hand or Deck.\r\n● If this card is sent to the GY to activate a Dragon monster\'s effect: You can draw 1 card.')
('Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll', 'If this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 other "Gimmick Puppet" monster from your GY; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll" once per turn. Cannot be used as material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a "Gimmick Puppet" monster.')
('Timaeus the Knight of Destiny', '"Legendary Knight Timaeus" + "Legendary Knight Critias" + "Legendary Knight Hermos"\nMust be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Unaffected by other cards\' effects. Once per battle, if this card battles, during damage calculation (in either player\'s turn): You can make this card\'s ATK and DEF become equal to the ATK of the monster on the field with the highest ATK (your choice, if tied). When this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 3 "Legendary Knight" monsters from your hand, Deck, and/or Graveyard, ignoring their Summoning conditions.')
('Assault Overload', 'Tribute 1 "/Assault Mode" monster. Inflict damage to both players equal to its Level x 200.')
('Dicelops', "Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, then apply the result.\n● 1: Look at your opponent's hand, also discard 1 card from their hand.\n● 2, 3, 4, 5: Discard 1 card.\n● 6: Discard your entire hand.")
('Fabled Grimro', 'If you control a face-up "Fabled" monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; add 1 "Fabled" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Fabled Grimro".')
('Magna-Slash Dragon', 'You can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell Card you control to the Graveyard to destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls.')
('B.E.S. Tetran', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, put 3 counters on it. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks or is attacked, remove 1 counter from this card at the end of the Damage Step. If you cannot, destroy it. Once per turn, you can remove 1 counter on this card to destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.')
('Holding Legs', "If this card is Summoned: Return all Set Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; that Set card cannot be activated until the end of your opponent's next turn.")
('Horn of the Unicorn', 'The equipped monster gains 700 ATK and DEF. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Return it to the top of the Deck.')
('Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest', 'When a Beast-Type monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can remove from play 2 Beast-Type monsters in your Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Sabersaurus', 'This normally gentle dinosaur enjoys relaxing in its nest in the prairies. If it becomes angered, it turns terribly ferocious.')
('Pegasus Wing', 'If you have a Union monster in your GY: Target any number of "Valkyrie" monsters you control; those monsters can attack directly this turn, but if they do so using this effect, their battle damage inflicted to your opponent is halved.')
('Orgoth the Relentless', "Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can roll a six-sided die 3 times and this card gains ATK/DEF equal to the total x 100 (until the end of your opponent's turn), then, if 2 of the results were the same, apply the appropriate effect. If all 3 were the same, apply all of these effects.\n● 1 or 2: This card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, until the end of your opponent's turn. ● 3 or 4: Draw 2 cards. ● 5 or 6: This card can attack directly this turn.")
('Acorno', 'During your Main Phase: You can send 1 "Pinecono" from your hand to the Graveyard, and Special Summon this card from the hand.')
('Botanical Girl', 'When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Plant-Type monster with 1000 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Powerhand", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Normal Trap Card in your hand. If this card battles a LIGHT or DARK monster, any of that monster\'s effects that activate or apply on the field are negated during that Battle Phase, while this card remains on the field.')
('Altergeist Meluseek', 'This card can attack directly. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; send it to the GY. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Altergeist" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Altergeist Meluseek". You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Meluseek" once per turn.')
("Gradius' Option", 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This monster can only be Special Summoned by selecting 1 face-up "Gradius" on your side of the field. The ATK and DEF of this card becomes the same as the ATK and DEF of the selected "Gradius". If the selected "Gradius" is removed from the field, destroy this card.')
('Evilswarm Thanatos', '2 Level 4 DARK monsters\r\nOnce per turn (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; this face-up card is unaffected by other monster effects this turn.')
('LANphorhynchus', '2 monsters')
('Asmo Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Darklord Asmodeus". This Token cannot be destroyed by a card effect.')
('Dracoon Lamp', "Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 Wyrm monster; this card gains 1000 DEF until the end of this turn. Once per battle, during damage calculation, if this Attack Position card battles an Attack Position monster (Quick Effect): You can apply each card's DEF for damage calculation.")
('Big Evolution Pill', "After this card's activation, it remains on the field, but destroy it during your opponent's 3rd End Phase. Tribute 1 Dinosaur-Type monster to activate this card; while this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon Level 5 or higher Dinosaur-Type monsters without Tributing.")
('Number 98: Antitopian', '2 Level 4 monsters\nWhen any player\'s monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change that monster to Defense Position. During either player\'s turn, while this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Utopia" monster on the field; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, and if you do, attach that monster to this card as an Xyz Material. You can only use this effect of "Number 98: Antitopian" once per turn.')
('King of the Skull Servants', 'The original ATK of this card is the combined number of "King of the Skull Servants" and "Skull Servant" in your GY x 1000. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can banish 1 other "King of the Skull Servants" or 1 "Skull Servant" from your GY; Special Summon this card.')
('Jurrac Monoloph', 'This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each.')
('De-Synchro', 'Target 1 Synchro Monster on the field; return that target to the Extra Deck, then, if all of the monsters that were used for the Synchro Summon of that monster are in your GY, you can Special Summon all of them.')
('Frightfur Chimera', '3 "Frightfur" monsters\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon that monster to your field, but its ATK is halved. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Chimera" once per turn. This card gains 300 ATK for each monster you control that is owned by your opponent.')
('Cannon Soldier', 'You can Tribute 1 monster; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Beastking of the Swamps', 'You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster. When you do this, the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be the correct one(s).')
('Des Volstgalph', "If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent. Each time a Normal or Quick-Play Spell Card resolves, this card gains 200 ATK until the end of this turn.")
('Hazy Flame Hydra', 'Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. You cannot Special Summon monsters, except FIRE monsters. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card as an Xyz Material gains this effect.\n● When it is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 "Hazy Flame" monster in your Graveyard; attach that target to this card as an Xyz Material.')
('Dewloren, Tiger King of the Ice Barrier', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner WATER monsters\nOnce per turn, you can return any number of face-up cards you control to the owner's hand. For each card returned to the owner's hand by this effect, this card gains 500 ATK until the End Phase.")
("Shien's Footsoldier", 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Six Samurai" monster from your Deck.')
('Mystical Space Typhoon', 'Target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy that target.')
('T.G. Wonder Magician', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner "T.G." monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: Target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy that target. If this card on the field is destroyed: Draw 1 card. Once per Chain, during your opponent\'s Main Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control.')
('Darklord Marie', 'Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You gain 200 LP. This card must be in the Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Witchcrafter Holiday', 'Target 1 "Witchcrafter" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "Witchcrafter Holiday" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
("Magician's Restage", 'You can target 1 Level 3 or lower Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Magician" Continuous Spell Card from your Deck to your hand, except "Magician\'s Restage".')
('Machine King - 3000 B.C.', 'Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1000). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) You cannot Normal or Special Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card. Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can Tribute 1 Machine-Type monster; this card gains ATK equal to the ATK the Tributed monster had on the field, until the end of this turn.')
('Subterror Behemoth Phospheroglacier', 'FLIP: You can send 1 card from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Phospheroglacier" once per turn.\r\nWhen a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.')
('Supernatural Regeneration', 'Activate only during the End Phase. Gain 1000 Life Points for each Psychic-Type monster sent to the Graveyard this turn.')
('Rise to Full Height', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; double its DEF, but its DEF becomes 0 at the end of this turn. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 monster you control; your opponent\'s monsters cannot attack for the rest of this turn, except to attack that monster. You can only activate 1 "Rise to Full Height" per turn.')
('Slime Toad', 'A slime with the head of a frog, it attacks by croaking terribly.')
('Fragment Fusion', 'Banish from your Graveyard the Fusion Material Monsters that are listed on a "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster Card, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.) Destroy it during the End Phase.')
('Brain Control', 'Pay 800 LP, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that can be Normal Summoned/Set; take control of that target until the End Phase.')
('Fortune Fairy Ann', 'When you draw this card: You can reveal it; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can banish 1 Spellcaster monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Fortune Fairy Ann" once per turn.')
('Samurai Cavalry of Reptier', "At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks an opponent's face-up monster that is not a Pendulum Monster: You can destroy that monster.")
('Worm Rakuyeh', 'This card can only declare an attack the turn it was flipped face-up. If this card attacks, it is changed to face-down Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase.')
('Worm Gulse', 'Each time a face-down Defense Position monster is flipped face-up, place 1 Worm Counter on this card. This card gains 300 ATK for each Worm Counter on it.')
("Ma'at", "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 1 LIGHT Dragon-Type monster and 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can declare 3 card names; excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck, add any of them that you named to your hand, also send the remaining cards to the Graveyard. This card's ATK and DEF each become equal to the number of cards added to your hand by this effect x 1000.")
('Return of the Red-Eyes', 'If you control a "Red-Eyes" monster, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick": You can target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Red-Eyes" monster in your Graveyard, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick"; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Return of the Red-Eyes" once per turn.')
('The Terminus of the Burning Abyss', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Burning Abyss" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Burning Abyss" monster on the field; it gains 800 ATK and DEF until the end of your opponent\'s next turn.')
('Curse of Dragon, the Cursed Dragon', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand, that specifically lists the card "Gaia the Dragon Champion" in its text. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Gaia the Dragon Champion" in your Monster Zone; negate the effects of face-up monsters your opponent currently controls with ATK less than or equal to it until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Curse of Dragon, the Cursed Dragon" once per turn.')
('Dragunity Couse', 'Cannot be used as Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Dragunity" monster. This card on the field can be treated as a Level 4 monster when used for a Synchro Summon. If this card is currently equipped to a monster: You can Special Summon this equipped card.')
('Clown Zombie', 'A clown revived by the powers of darkness. Its deadly dance has sent many monsters to their graves.')
('Junk Barrage', "When the equipped monster destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the destroyed monster's ATK in the Graveyard.")
('Zoma the Spirit', 'Special Summon this card in Defense Position as an Effect Monster (Zombie/DARK/Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 500). (This card is also still a Trap.) If this card Summoned this way is destroyed by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the monster that destroyed it.')
('Dokuroizo the Grim Reaper', 'A messenger of doom that steals a soul with a single blow.')
('Triple Tactics Talent', 'If your opponent has activated a monster effect during your Main Phase this turn: Activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Draw 2 cards.\r\n● Take control of 1 monster your opponent controls until the End Phase.\r\n● Look at your opponent\'s hand, and choose 1 card from it to shuffle into the Deck.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Triple Tactics Talent" per turn.')
('Amazoness Queen', '"Amazoness" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Time Escaper', "During either player's turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 Psychic-Type monster you control; banish it until your next Standby Phase.")
('Rookie Fur Hire', 'Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand or Deck, whose Level is 1 higher or 1 lower than the Tributed monster had on the field. You cannot declare attacks the turn you activate this card, except with monsters "Fur Hire". You can only activate 1 "Rookie Fur Hire" per turn.')
('Tyr of the Nordic Champions', 'Your opponent\'s monsters cannot target "Nordic" monsters for attacks, except "Tyr of the Nordic Champions". If there is no other "Nordic" monster on the field, destroy this card.')
('Altergeist Primebanshee', '2+ "Altergeist" monsters\r\nDuring the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 other "Altergeist" monster; Special Summon 1 "Altergeist" monster from your Deck to your zone this card points to. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 "Altergeist" card in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Primebanshee" once per turn.')
('Flamvell Counter', 'When a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Banish 1 FIRE monster with 200 DEF from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Chaos Daedalus', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your GY. While a Field Spell is face-up on the field, your opponent cannot target LIGHT or DARK monsters you control with card effects. You can target cards on the field, up to the number of face-up Field Spells on the field; banish them. You can only use this effect of "Chaos Daedalus" once per turn.')
('Naturia Beans', 'Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. When this face-up card is selected as an attack target, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Petit Moth', 'This small but deadly creature is better off avoided.')
('Generaider Boss Bite', 'Tribute any number of "Generaider" monsters, then target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; attach exactly that many "Generaider" monsters from your hand, field, and/or GY to it, except the monsters Tributed to activate this effect. You can only activate 1 "Generaider Boss Bite" per turn.')
('Endymion, the Master Magician', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand or GY) by removing 6 Spell Counters from a "Magical Citadel of Endymion" you control. If Summoned this way: Target 1 Spell in your GY; add that target to your hand. Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Spellbook Organization', 'Look at the top 3 cards of your Deck, then return them to the top of the Deck in any order.')
('Silent Strider', 'You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to reduce the Level of 1 monster on the field by 1, until the End Phase.')
('Infernity Archer', 'If you have no cards in your hand, this card can attack your opponent directly.')
('Hieratic Seal of Supremacy', 'Special Summon 1 "Hieratic" monster from your hand.')
('The Little Swordsman of Aile', "Offer 1 monster on your side of the field as a Tribute to increase this monster's ATK by 700 points until the end of the turn.")
('Reptilianne Spawn', 'Remove from play 1 "Reptilianne" monster from your Graveyard. Special Summon 2 "Reptilianne Tokens" (Reptile-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to your side of the field.')
('Natural Disaster', 'Inflict 500 damage to your opponent each time a card(s) they control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by the effect of a "Cloudian" monster.')
('Thestalos the Firestorm Monarch', "If this card is Tribute Summoned: Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand, then, if it was a Monster Card, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original Level x 100.")
("Koa'ki Meiru Prototype", 'If a face-up "Koa\'ki Meiru" monster(s) on the field would be destroyed during the End Phase, you can destroy this card instead. When a face-up "Koa\'ki Meiru" monster(s) on the field is destroyed during the End Phase, you can Special Summon 1 "Koa\'ki Meiru Token" (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 1800).')
('Breath of Light', 'Destroy all face-up Rock-Type monsters on the field.')
('Ally of Justice Reverse Break', "If a face-up LIGHT monster is on the field, destroy this card. If this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, destroy that monster immediately with this card's effect without flipping it face-up or applying damage calculation.")
('Yosenju Kodam', 'You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Yosen Training Grounds" you control; place 3 Yosen Counters on it. You can only use this effect of "Yosenju Kodam" once per turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; you can Normal Summon 1 "Yosenju" monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)')
('Laundry Dragonmaid', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY. At the start of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 7 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Laundry Dragonmaid" once per turn.')
('Gem-Knight Master Diamond', '3 "Gem-Knight" monsters\nMust first be Fusion Summoned. This card gains 100 ATK for each "Gem-" monster in your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Level 7 or lower "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Graveyard; until the End Phase, this card\'s name becomes that monster\'s, and replace this effect with that monster\'s original effects.')
('Hiita the Fire Charmer', 'FLIP: Target 1 face-up FIRE monster your opponent controls; take control of that target while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Primitive Butterfly', 'If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can increase the Levels of all Insect-Type monsters you currently control by 1.')
('Blackwing - Mistral the Silver Shield', 'If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Reduce the next battle damage you would take this turn to 0.')
('Opening of the Spirit Gates', 'When this card is activated: Add 1 "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", or "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms", OR 1 monster that specifically lists any of those cards in its text, from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 Fiend monster with 0 ATK/DEF from your GY. Once per turn, if you control a Level 10 monster: You can add 1 Continuous Spell from your GY to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Opening of the Spirit Gates" per turn.')
('Evil Eye Awakening', 'Special Summon 1 "Evil Eye" monster from your hand or GY, or, if "Evil Eye of Selene" is in your Spell & Trap Zone, you can Special Summon 1 "Evil Eye" monster from your Deck instead. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Awakening" per turn.')
('Quillbolt Hedgehog', 'If this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You must control a Tuner monster to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Clock Lizard', '2 Cyberse monsters\nYou can Tribute this card; return 1 Fusion Monster from your GY to the Extra Deck, then Fusion Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your GY. If this card is banished from your GY: You can make Special Summoned monsters your opponent currently controls lose 400 ATK for each Cyberse monster currently in your GY, until the end of this turn.')
('Melffy Hide-and-Seek', 'The first time each Beast monster you control would be destroyed by card effect each turn, it is not destroyed. You can target 3 Beast monsters in your GY with different names; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Melffy Hide-and-Seek" once per turn.')
('Contract with the Abyss', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any DARK Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon.')
('Wing Eagle', 'This flying creature never misses its intended target.')
('Cyberdark Dragon', '"Cyberdark Horn" + "Cyberdark Edge" + "Cyberdark Keel"\r\nThis monster cannot be Special Summoned except by Fusion Summon. When this monster is Special Summoned, select 1 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard and equip it to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the equipped card\'s ATK. This card gains 100 ATK for each Monster Card in your Graveyard. If this card would be destroyed by battle, the equipped monster is destroyed instead.')
('Boost Warrior', 'If you control a face-up Tuner monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand in face-up Defense Position. All Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK.')
('Silent Abyss', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-WATER monsters.')
('Fossil Excavation', 'Activate this card by discarding 1 card, then target 1 Dinosaur-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. Negate the effects of that monster on the field. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('Ronintoadin', 'Cannot be used as a Synchro Material. This card\'s name becomes "Des Frog" while it is on the field. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 "Frog" monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card.')
('Unchained Abomination', '2+ monsters including a Link Monster\nIf a card(s) on the field is destroyed by card effect, except by "Unchained Abomination" (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. When another monster is destroyed by battle: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. During the End Phase: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Unchained Abomination" once per turn.')
('X-Saber Axel', 'While you control this face-up card, when a "Saber" monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.')
("Child's Play", 'Each time your opponent Summons a monster(s), gain 300 LP. Your monsters cannot be destroyed by battle while you have 10,000 or more LP.')
('Noble Knight Gwalchavad', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field. While equipped with a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card, this card becomes an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● You can target 1 "Noble Knight" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand, and if you do, destroy 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card you control. You can only use this effect of "Noble Knight Gwalchavad" once per turn.')
('Tricky Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Tricky Spell 4". This Token cannot declare an attack.')
('Evo-Karma', 'When a monster(s) is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster you control, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects.')
('Paralyzing Chain', "When a card(s) is sent from your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard by a card effect, inflict 300 damage to your opponent.")
('UFO Turtle', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 FIRE monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.')
('Winged Minion', 'Tribute this face-up card. Select 1 face-up Fiend-Type monster on the field. Increase the ATK and DEF of the monster by 700 points as long as it remains face-up on the field.')
('Fishborg Planter', 'Once, while this card is in the GY: You can send the top card of your Deck to the GY, then, if it is a WATER monster, Special Summon this card from the GY. You can only use this effect of "Fishborg Planter" once per turn.')
('Magical Broker', 'Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects while you control a Continuous Spell/Trap. During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell/Trap you control to the GY; draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Magical Broker" once per turn.')
('Solar Flare Dragon', 'While you control another Pyro-Type monster, this card cannot be attacked. During each of your End Phases: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Sylvan Sagequoia', 'When a "Sylvan" monster is sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 "Sylvan" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Gishki Photomirror', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Gishki" Ritual Monster. You must also pay Life Points equal to the Level of the Ritual Summoned monster x 500 (when this card resolves).')
("Vanity's Ruler", 'Cannot be Special Summoned. Your opponent cannot Special Summon monsters.')
('Spell Power Mastery', 'Add 1 "Endymion" card from your Deck to your hand, then you can count the number of "Spell Power Mastery" and "Spell Power Grasp" you control and/or have in your GY, and place that many Spell Counters among card(s) you control that you can place a Spell Counter on. You can only activate 1 "Spell Power Mastery" per turn.')
('Trickstar Nightshade', 'If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Trickstar" monster: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Nightshade" once per turn.')
('Geomathmech Magma', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nWhen this card destroys a monster by battle: You can target up to 2 cards your opponent controls; destroy them. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can add 1 "Mathmech" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Geomathmech Magma" once per turn.')
('Wind-Up Hunter', 'You can Tribute 1 face-up "Wind-Up" monster, except "Wind-Up Hunter"; send 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand to the Graveyard. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Pyro Clock of Destiny', 'Move the turn count forward by 1 turn. The turn in which this card is activated continues as normal.')
('White Aura Dolphin', "1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its original ATK until the end of this turn. If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your GY: You can banish 1 other WATER monster from your GY; Special Summon this card, and if you do, it is treated as a Tuner.")
('Chaos-End Master', "When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher monster with 1600 or less ATK from your Deck.")
('Alien Overlord', 'You can remove 2 A-Counters from anywhere on the field to Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, you can place 1 A-Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.) You can only control 1 "Alien Overlord".')
('Silver Bow and Arrow', 'A Fairy-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.')
('One for One', 'Send 1 monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon 1 Level 1 monster from your hand or Deck.')
('Performapal Monkeyboard', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nUnless you have a "Performapal" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card\'s Pendulum Scale becomes 4. During your Main Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower "Performapal" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Monkeyboard" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can discard this card; reveal 1 "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monster in your hand, and if you do, reduce the Levels of monsters in your hand with that name by 1 for the rest of this turn (even after they are Summoned/Set).')
('Ancient Gear Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If you use "Ancient Gear Golem" or "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound" you control as Fusion Material, you can also use monsters from your Deck as material.')
('Millennium Shield', 'A famous shield said to belong to an ancient Egyptian Pharaoh. Legends tell of its power to block any strong attack.')
('Light of Intervention', 'While this card is on the field, Monster Cards cannot be Set or flipped face-down. If a Monster Card would be Set, it must be Normal Summoned in face-up Defense Position.')
('Shaddoll Hedgehog', 'FLIP: You can add 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.\r\nIf this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can add 1 "Shaddoll" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Shaddoll Hedgehog". You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Hedgehog" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Twin-Sword Marauder', 'Once per Battle Phase, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster, it can make a second attack in a row. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Dragunity Partisan', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Winged Beast-Type "Dragunity" monster from your hand, then equip it with this card. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster is treated as a Tuner monster.')
('Vylon Element', 'When any face-up "Vylon" Equip Card(s) you control are destroyed (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon an equal or lower number of "Vylon" Tuner monsters from your Deck. They cannot be used as Synchro Material Monsters, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Vylon" Synchro Monster.')
('Heavy Storm Duster', 'Target up to 2 Spells/Traps on the field; destroy them. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Fabled Gallabas', "You can discard 1 card to the Graveyard to select and destroy 1 face-up monster your opponent controls with DEF less than or equal to this card's ATK.")
('M-Warrior #1', "Specializing in combination attacks, this warrior uses magnetism to block an enemy's escape.")
('Genex Spare', 'Once per turn, if you control another "Genex" monster, you can make this card\'s name "Genex Controller" until the End Phase.')
('Insect Imitation', "Tribute 1 monster. Special Summon 1 Insect-Type monster from your Deck whose Level is 1 higher than the Tributed monster's.")
('Zubaba General', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; equip 1 Warrior-Type monster from your hand to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect.')
('Marshmallon Glasses', 'While "Marshmallon" is in your Monster Zone, your opponent cannot target monsters other than "Marshmallon" for attacks.')
('Warrior Lady of the Wasteland', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 EARTH Warrior-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.')
('Skull Red Bird', 'This monster swoops down and attacks with a rain of knives stored in its wings.')
('Armed Dragon Thunderbolt', 'Target 1 "Armed Dragon" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK for each "Armed Dragon" monster in your GY with a different name and an equal or lower Level than that monster, but it cannot inflict battle damage to your opponent this turn. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Armed Dragon" Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use 1 "Armed Dragon Thunderbolt" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('The Tyrant Neptune', "Cannot be Special Summoned. You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 monster. This card gains the total original ATK and DEF of the monster(s) Tributed for its Tribute Summon. When this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 Effect Monster in the Graveyard that was Tributed for the Tribute Summon; this card's name becomes that target's name, and this card gains that target's effects.")
('Worm Millidith', 'FLIP: You can equip this card to a monster your opponent controls as an Equip Card. Inflict 400 damage to the controller of the equipped monster during each Standby Phase.')
('Magician of Dark Illusion', 'This card\'s name becomes "Dark Magician" while on the field. You can only use each of these effects of "Magician of Dark Illusion" once per turn.\r\n● During your opponent\'s turn, if you activate a Spell/Trap Card or effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\r\n● If you activate a Spell/Trap Card or effect while this card is face-up on your field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "Dark Magician" in your GY; Special Summon it. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Predapruning', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 "Predaplant" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster.')
('Holy Night Astel', '(Quick Effect): You can target 1 LIGHT monster you control; Tribute it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 7 LIGHT Dragon monster from your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Level 7 LIGHT Dragon monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of your opponent\'s turn. You can only use each effect of "Holy Night Astel" once per turn.')
('Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns', 'You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. While this card is equipped to a monster by this card\'s effect: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns" once per turn.')
('Emissary from Pandemonium', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned. You can Normal Summon this card with 1 Tribute. If you do, it becomes Level 5 and its original ATK and DEF are halved.')
('Rank-Up-Magic Soul Shave Force', 'Pay half your LP, then target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Xyz Monster that is 2 Ranks higher than that monster, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon.)')
('Test Panther', '2 monsters including a "Gladiator Beast" monster\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Gladiator Beast" card from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster you control; shuffle that "Gladiator Beast" monster into the Deck, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster with a different original name from your Deck. (This is treated as a Special Summon by a "Gladiator Beast" monster\'s effect.) You can only use each effect of "Test Panther" once per turn.')
('Flawless Perfection of the Tenyi', 'All non-Effect Monsters on the field are unaffected by monster effects. Once per turn, if your opponent Special Summons an Effect Monster(s), while you control a face-down monster or non-Effect Monster (except during the Damage Step): You can draw 2 cards.')
('Subterror Behemoth Fiendess', '2 Flip monsters\r\nGains ATK equal to the combined original Levels of the "Subterror" monsters used for its Link Summon x 100. During your Main Phase: You can send 1 Flip monster from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 monster from your hand in face-down Defense Position to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Fiendess" once per turn. Once per turn, if a monster this card points to is flipped face-up: Add 1 Flip monster from your Deck or GY to your hand.')
('Elemental HERO Liquid Soldier', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "HERO" monster in your GY, except "Elemental HERO Liquid Soldier"; Special Summon it. If this card is used as Fusion Material for a "HERO" monster, and sent to the GY or banished: You can draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card. You can only use 1 "Elemental HERO Liquid Soldier" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Corrosive Scales', "Target 1 Insect monster you control; equip this card to it. While you control the equipped monster, your opponent's monsters cannot attack Insect monsters, except the equipped monster. While this card is equipped to a monster, each time your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s), OR activates a card or effect, place 1 Scale Counter on each face-up monster they control. Each monster your opponent controls loses 100 ATK/DEF for each Scale Counter it has.")
('Garuda the Wind Spirit', "This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 WIND monster in your Graveyard. During your opponent's End Phase, you can select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and change its battle position.")
('Power Angel Valkyria', 'If you negate the activation of a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect: Add 1 LIGHT Fairy monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Power Angel Valkyria" once per turn.')
('Xyz Reborn', 'Target 1 Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, and if you do, attach this card to it as an Xyz Material.')
('Frightfur Factory', 'You can banish 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card from your Graveyard, except "Diffusion Wave-Motion"; Fusion Summon 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or your side of the field as Fusion Materials. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished "Frightfur Fusion"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Frightfur Factory" once per turn.')
('Dream Mirror Hypnagogia', 'Choose 1 "Dream Mirror of Joy" and 1 "Dream Mirror of Terror" from your hand and/or Deck, and place 1 in your Field Zone and the other in your opponent\'s Field Zone, face-up. You can only activate 1 "Dream Mirror Hypnagogia" per turn.')
('Forge of the True Dracos', 'If a "Dracoslayer" monster, that is not a Pendulum Monster, and a "Dracoverlord" monster are on the field: Shuffle as many cards on the field as possible into the Deck, then you can Special Summon 1 "Dracoslayer" or "Dracoverlord" monster from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Solar Wind Jammer', 'If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand), but its original ATK and DEF become halved. During each of your Standby Phases: Increase the Level of this card by 1. There can only be 1 "Solar Wind Jammer" on the field.')
('Card of the Soul', 'Look at your Deck, and if you do, you can add 1 monster from your Deck to your hand, whose sum of ATK and DEF equals your LP. You can only activate 1 "Card of the Soul" per turn.')
('Trojan Gladiator Beast', 'Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your hand to your opponent\'s side of the field. Then, draw 1 card.')
('Schwarzschild Limit Dragon', 'If your opponent controls a monster with 2000 or more ATK, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Scrap Breaker', 'If your opponent controls a monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is Special Summoned this way, select 1 face-up "Scrap" monster you control, and destroy it.')
('The Monarchs Awaken', 'If you have no cards in your Extra Deck: Target 1 face-up Tribute Summoned monster you control; its effects are negated, also it is unaffected by the effects of cards other than this card.')
('Envoy of Chaos', 'During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can discard this card, then target 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster or "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster you control; it gains 1500 ATK until the end of this turn, and if it does, every opponent\'s monster that battles it this turn has its ATK become that monster\'s original ATK during damage calculation only. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your GY, except this card; add this card to your hand.')
('F.A. Hang On Mach', 'Gains ATK equal to its Level x 300. Unaffected by activated effects from an opponent\'s monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card\'s Level. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase this card\'s Level by 1. If this card is Level 7 or higher, any card sent to your opponent\'s GY is banished instead.')
('Geonator Transverser', '2 Effect Monsters\r\nThis linked card and monsters it points to cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. If this card points to 2 monsters: You can switch control of those monsters. You can only use this effect of "Geonator Transverser" once per turn.')
('Graydle Slime', 'If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can target 2 "Graydle" cards you control; destroy them, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Graydle Slime" once per turn. When Summoned this way: You can target 1 "Graydle" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position.')
('Ninja Grandmaster Sasuke', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a face-up Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.')
('Tyhone', 'Capable of firing cannonballs from its mouth for long-range attacks, this creature is particularly effective in mountain battles.')
('Fire Darts', 'Activate only while you have no cards in your hand. Roll a six-sided die 3 times, and inflict damage to your opponent equal to the sum of the die rolls × 100.')
('Overtex Qoatlus', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by shuffling 5 of your banished Dinosaur monsters into the Main Deck. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card (Quick Effect): You can destroy 1 Dinosaur monster in your hand or face-up on your field, and if you do, negate the activation, and if you do that, destroy that card. If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can add 1 "Evolution Pill" Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Overtex Qoatlus" once per turn.')
('White Dragon Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Paladin of White Dragon". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 4 or more.')
('Destiny Signal', 'When a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Destiny HERO" monster from your hand or Deck.')
('D.D. Jet Iron', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 1 "D.D. Esper Star Sparrow", "Beast-Warrior Puma", "Phoenix Beast Gairuda", and "Ironhammer the Giant" from your hand and/or face-up from your side of the field to the Graveyard. You can Tribute this card to target 1 "D.D. Esper Star Sparrow", "Beast-Warrior Puma", "Phoenix Beast Gairuda" and "Ironhammer the Giant" in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets.')
('Wandering King Wildwind', 'If you control a Fiend-Type Tuner with 1500 or less ATK, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If you attempt this, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Synchro Monsters. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 Fiend-Type Tuner with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.')
('Sasuke Samurai #4', "If this card battles a monster, toss a coin and call heads or tails before damage calculation. If you call it right, destroy the opponent's monster with this effect.")
('Nopenguin', 'During either player\'s turn, when an effect of a "Penguin" monster is activated: Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Nopenguin" once per turn. If a card would be returned from the field to the hand by the effect of a "Penguin" card, banish it instead.')
('One-Eyed Skill Gainer', "3 Level 4 monsters\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls; this card's name and original effect become the same as that monster. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.")
('Amphibious Bugroth', '"Ground Attacker Bugroth" + "Defender of the Sea"')
('Metaphys Armed Dragon', 'Usually visible despite its phantom existence.')
('Cloudian - Poison Cloud', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, if it was face-up at the start of the Damage Step: Destroy the monster that destroyed it, and if you do, inflict 800 damage to your opponent.')
('Artifacts Unleashed', 'Target 2 "Artifact" monsters you control; immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 Xyz Monster using those 2 monsters only, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, monsters you control cannot attack, except "Artifact" monsters. If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can reveal 1 Level 5 LIGHT monster from your hand; draw 1 card.')
('Tribute Doll', 'Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 Level 7 monster from your hand that can be Normal Summoned/Set. It cannot attack this turn.')
('D.D. Survivor', 'During the End Phase, if this card was banished while face-up, on your side of the field, this turn: Special Summon this banished card. This effect can only activate once per turn.')
('Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder', '2 Level 8 monsters\nUp to twice per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; destroy it, then if it was an Xyz Monster, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.')
('Jinzo - Lord', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by sending 1 face-up "Jinzo" you control to the Graveyard. Trap Cards cannot be activated and the effects of all Trap Cards on the field are negated. Once per turn, you can destroy all face-up Trap Cards. Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card destroyed by this effect.')
('Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli', '"Gem-Knight Lapis" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster\nMust first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. You can only Special Summon "Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli(s)" once per turn. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" monster from your Main Deck or Extra Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Special Summoned monster on the field.')
('Telekinetic Shocker', 'If a Psychic-Type monster(s) on the field would be destroyed, you can pay 500 LP and destroy this card instead.')
('Flamvell Commando', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card can only be Normal Summoned by Tributing 1 "Flamvell" monster you control. Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 monster in your Graveyard with 200 DEF to inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster\'s ATK.')
('Curse of Dragonfire', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Field Spell on the field; destroy it. Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials, including this card.')
('Chaos Grepher', 'While face-up on the field, this card is also DARK-Attribute. You can discard 1 LIGHT or DARK monster; send 1 LIGHT or DARK monster with a different Attribute from your Deck to the GY, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters with the same name the sent monster had in the GY. You can only use this effect of "Chaos Grepher" once per turn.')
('Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon', '1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 2 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters\nMust be Synchro Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. The first time each card you control would be destroyed each turn, by battle or card effect, it is not destroyed. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect: You can negate that effect, and if you do, destroy 1 card on the field. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Level 8 or lower "Stardust" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.')
('Mystic Probe', 'You can only activate this card when a Continuous Spell Card is activated. Negate all Continuous Spell Cards during the turn this card is activated.')
('Demise, Agent of Armageddon', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Cycle of the World". This card\'s name becomes "Demise, King of Armageddon" while in the hand or on the field. If this card is Ritual Summoned: Destroy 1 face-up monster on the field. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 Ritual Monster you control; while it is face-up on your field, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of your Ritual Monsters\' effects.')
('Tribute Burial', 'You cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn. Once during this turn, you can conduct a Tribute Summon that requires 2 Tributes by banishing 1 monster from each Graveyard instead of Tributing (it is still treated as a Tribute Summon).')
('Hunter Spider', 'This monster feeds on whatever it catches in its web.')
('Spell Shield Type-8', 'Activate 1 of these effects.\n● When a Spell Card is activated that targets exactly 1 monster on the field: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.\n● When a Spell Card is activated: Send 1 Spell Card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Descending Lost Star', 'Target 1 Synchro Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position, but its effects are negated, its Level is reduced by 1, its DEF becomes 0, also its battle position cannot be changed.')
('Swallow Flip', "Negate the activation of an Effect Monster's effect that activates when a monster is Special Summoned (including itself), and destroy it.")
('Counter Gate', "When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: Negate the attack, and if you do, draw 1 card, then if it is a monster, immediately after this effect resolves, you can Normal Summon it in face-up Attack Position.")
('Solar Recharge', 'Discard 1 "Lightsworn" monster; draw 2 cards, then send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY.')
('R-Genex Magma', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, you can add 1 Level 2 "R-Genex" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('A-Assault Core', "Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 LIGHT Machine monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card is unaffected by your opponent's monster effects (except its own), also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 other Union monster from your GY to your hand.")
('Sky Striker Mecha - Widow Anchor', "If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zone: Target 1 face-up Effect Monster on the field; negate that face-up monster's effects until the end of this turn, then, if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY, you can take control of that monster until the End Phase.")
('Necroface', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: Shuffle all banished cards into the Deck. This card gains 100 ATK for each card shuffled into the Main Deck by this effect. If this card is banished: Each player banishes 5 cards from the top of their Deck (or their entire Deck, if less than 5).')
('The Forgiving Maiden', 'Tribute this face-up card to return to your hand 1 of your monsters destroyed as a result of battle during this turn.')
('Super-Nimble Mega Hamster', 'FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Beast-Type monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.')
('Performapal Seal Eel', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that face-up monster has its effects negated until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; that Set card cannot be activated this turn. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.")
('Number 44: Sky Pegasus', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy it, unless your opponent pays 1000 LP to negate this effect.')
('Hi-Speedroid Kitedrake', '1 WIND Machine Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Destroy all other cards on the field.\r\n● Negate the effects of all face-up cards your opponent currently controls.\r\nIf this card in your possession is sent to your GY by an opponent\'s card: You can add 1 "Speedroid" monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\nYou can only use each effect of "Hi-Speedroid Kitedrake" once per turn.')
('Dragon Core Hexer', 'Many years of dragonslaying have bathed this huntress in countless amounts of blood. Each drop gave her more power, but at a terrible price, as her cursed body now spreads the dragontaint like an epidemic. No village will take her in, and she no longer even remembers what inspired her crusade in the first place.')
('Ten Thousand Dragon', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing monsters whose sum of combined ATK/DEF equals 10,000 or more. If Summoned this way, this card's ATK/DEF become 10,000.")
('Atomic Scrap Dragon', '1 "Scrap" Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn, you can select 1 card you control and up to 3 cards in your opponent\'s Graveyard. Destroy your selected card and return the opponent\'s cards you selected to the Deck. When this card is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to the Graveyard, select 1 non-Synchro "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, and Special Summon it.')
('Rhaimundos of the Red Sword', 'Armed with the Sword of Crimson Flames, this warrior can bind a monster with fiery restraints.')
('The Fabled Peggulsus', 'When this card is discarded to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon it face-down on your side of the field. When this card is flipped face-up, you can reveal 1 "Fabled" monster in your hand to send 1 "Fabled" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your Deck. There can only be 1 "Malefic" monster on the field. Other monsters you control cannot declare an attack. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card.')
('Digitron', "A subspecies found in electronic space. There's little information on it.")
('Spawn Alligator', 'During the End Phase of the turn this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a Reptile-Type monster: Target 1 monster that was used for the Tribute Summon of this card; Special Summon it from the Graveyard.')
('Morphtronic Clocken', '● While in Attack Position: This card gains 500 ATK for each Morph Counter on it. ● While in Defense Position: Once per turn, you can place 1 Morph Counter on this card. You can Tribute this card to inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each Morph Counter on it.')
('Vendread Chimera', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Vendread" Ritual Spell. When a card or effect is activated that would destroy a card on the field (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 Zombie monster from your GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is Tributed, or banished, for a Ritual Summon: All monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK/DEF. You can only use each effect of "Vendread Chimera" once per turn.')
('Inzektor Giga-Weevil', 'You can target 1 face-up "Inzektor" monster you control; equip this card from your hand to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster\'s original DEF becomes 2600. If this card is sent to the Graveyard while equipped to a monster: You can target 1 "Inzektor" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. This effect of "Inzektor Giga-Weevil" can only be used once per turn.')
('Super Rush Recklessly', 'Target 1 Beast-Type monster you control and 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy the first target, and if you do, shuffle the second target into the Deck.')
('Hexe Trude', 'If "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is in a Field Zone, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Once per turn, if "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is in a Field Zone: You can target 1 card on the field, except this one; destroy it, and if you do, this card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn. When this card destroys a monster by battle: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 400 ATK.')
('Shining Abyss', 'This monster employs the powers of both Light and Darkness.')
('Junk Defender', "When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can have this card gain 300 DEF until the end of this turn.")
('Infernity Destroyer', "When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict 1600 damage to your opponent. You must have no cards in your hand to activate and to resolve this effect.")
('Destruction Punch', 'If the ATK of an attacking monster your opponent controls is lower than the DEF of the attacked Defense Position monster you control, destroy the attacking monster at the end of the Damage Step. (Damage calculation is applied normally.)')
('Cyberse Magician', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Cynet Ritual". Any damage you take is halved. (You cannot halve the same damage twice this way.) While you control a Link Monster, monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters you control for attacks, except this one, also your opponent cannot target monsters you control with card effects, except this one. If this card battles a Link Monster, it gains 1000 ATK during that damage calculation only. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can add 1 Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Star Seraph Sage', 'Once per turn: You can send 1 Spell Card from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Star Seraph" monster from your hand.')
('Advanced Ritual Art', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon any 1 Ritual Monster. You must also send Normal Monsters from your Deck to the GY whose total Levels equal the Level of that Ritual Monster.')
('Hieratic Seal of Reflection', 'When a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect is activated: Tribute 1 "Hieratic" monster; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
("It's No Monster, It's a God!", 'Activate this Skill during your Main Phase. Discard any number of cards (min. 1), then add 1 "Obelisk the Tormentor" from your Deck or GY to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.')
('Izanami', "This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to its owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up, you can discard 1 card to add 1 Spirit monster from your Graveyard to your hand.")
('Lunalight Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Lunalight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If your opponent controls a monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, you can also use 1 "Lunalight" monster in your Deck or Extra Deck as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Lunalight Fusion" per turn.')
('Extra Buck', 'Each time a card(s) is added to your Extra Deck, place 1 Spell Counter on this card (max. 3). You can send this card with 3 Spell Counters to the GY; draw 2 cards.')
('Cyclone Boomerang', 'Equip only to "Elemental HERO Wildheart". It gains 500 ATK. When the equipped monster is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field, then inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each Spell/Trap Card destroyed by this effect.')
('Kuribandit', 'During the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can Tribute this card; excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, you can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to your hand, also send the remaining cards to the GY.')
('Dreamland', 'This card can activate these effects depending on the monster card types on the field.\n● Fusion: Once per turn, if a monster(s) is sent from your hand or field to the GY by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can draw 1 card.\n● Synchro: When a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can increase their Levels by 1.\n● Xyz: Once per turn, during your End Phase: Destroy the monster(s) on the field with the highest Level.\nYou can only activate 1 "Dreamland" per turn.')
('Appliancer Test', 'Target 1 "Appliancer" Link Monster you control; Special Summon as many Link-1 "Appliancer" Link Monsters from your GY as possible to your zones that monster points to, but banish them during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Appliancer Test" per turn.')
('Cards for Black Feathers', 'Banish 1 "Blackwing" monster from your hand; draw 2 cards. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Cards for Black Feathers" per turn.')
("Robbin' Goblin", 'Each time a monster you control inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, your opponent discards 1 random card.')
('The Second Sarcophagus', 'This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "The First Sarcophagus".')
('Evil Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Vicious Claw".')
('Rapid Trigger', 'Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by destroying Fusion Materials listed on it from your field, but it can only attack monsters Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, also it is unaffected by activated effects from any other monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "Rapid Trigger" per turn.')
('ZS - Arms Sage', 'If you control exactly 1 Level 4 monster, except "ZS - Arms Sage" (and no other monsters), you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). A "Utopia" Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as material gains the following effect. You can only use the preceding effect of "ZS - Arms Sage" once per turn.\r\n● If it is Xyz Summoned: You can add 1 "ZW -" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Scrap-Iron Scarecrow', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate the attack, also, after that, Set this card face-down instead of sending it to the GY.")
('Re-dyce-cle', 'Target 1 "Speedroid" Tuner monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated, also roll a six-sided die, and its Level becomes the result until the end of this turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 WIND Synchro Monster, using monsters you control including a "Speedroid" Tuner monster.')
('Performage Mirror Conductor', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up Special Summoned monster on the field; its ATK and DEF become equal to its current ATK or DEF (whichever is lower) until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; switch its current ATK and DEF, then take 500 damage. This ATK and DEF change lasts until the end of this turn.")
('Curse of the Shadow Prison', 'Each time a "Shaddoll" monster(s) is sent to the GY by a card effect, place 1 Spellstone Counter on this card for each sent monster. All monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK for each Spellstone Counter on this card during your opponent\'s turn only. Each time you Fusion Summon a "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster, you can remove 3 Spellstone Counters from this card to use 1 appropriate face-up monster your opponent controls as 1 of the Fusion Materials.')
('"Infernoble Arms - Hauteclere"', 'While this card is equipped to a monster: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; this turn, you cannot declare attacks with other monsters, also it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, then destroy this card. If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster was sent to the GY: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy it. You can only use 1 ""Infernoble Arms - Hauteclere"" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Chimaera, the Master of Beasts', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned. To Tribute Summon this card, you must Tribute 3 Beast-Type monsters. If this card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their Life Points to 0, you win the Match.')
('Black and White Wave', 'If there is a face-up Xyz Monster on the field with a Synchro Monster as Xyz Material: Target 1 card on the field; banish that target, and if you do, draw 1 card.')
('Codarus', 'You can send 1 face-up "Umi" you control to the Graveyard to target up to 2 cards your opponent controls; send those targets to the Graveyard.')
('Jurassic World', 'All Dinosaur-Type monsters gain 300 ATK and DEF.')
('Synchro Strike', 'Target Synchro Summoned monster gains 500 ATK for each Synchro Material Monster used to Summon it, until the End Phase.')
('White Ninja', 'FLIP: Target 1 Defense Position monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Launcher Spider', 'A mechanical spider with rocket launchers capable of random fire.')
('Informer Spider', 'When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard by a card effect, take control of 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls.')
('Artifact Failnaught', 'You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent\'s turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent\'s turn: You can target 1 "Artifact" monster in your Graveyard; Set that target in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card.')
('Superheavy Samurai Transporter', 'If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). After this card was Special Summoned this way, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Superheavy Samurai" monsters. If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon up to 2 monsters from your hand to your opponent\'s side of the field in Defense Position, then draw cards equal to the number of monsters Special Summoned by this effect. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Transporter" once per turn.')
('Alsei, the Sylvan High Protector', '2 Level 8 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can declare 1 card name; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is the declared card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. If a card is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; place that target on either the top or bottom of the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Alsei, the Sylvan High Protector" once per turn.')
('Rite of Spirit', 'Target 1 "Gravekeeper\'s" monster in your GY; Special Summon that target. This card\'s activation and effect are unaffected by "Necrovalley".')
('Time Thief Startup', 'Special Summon 1 "Time Thief" monster from your hand. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Time Thief" Xyz Monster you control; attach 3 "Time Thief" cards of different types (1 Monster, 1 Spell, and 1 Trap) from your GY to that monster as material. You can only use 1 "Time Thief Startup" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
("Archfiend's Awakening", 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Contract with the Abyss". This card\'s name becomes "Summoned Skull" on the field, but is still treated as an "Archfiend" card. Cannot be destroyed by battle, except by battle with a Ritual Monster, and cannot be destroyed by monster effects, except those of Ritual Monsters. If this Ritual Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent\'s card: You can Special Summon 1 "Summoned Skull" from your hand, Deck, or GY.')
('Omni Dragon Brotaur', 'If a monster you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when the monster was destroyed) or hand (even if not), but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; discard 1 card, and if you do, add 1 monster from your Deck to your hand, with the same Type and Attribute as that target, but a different name. You can only use each effect of "Omni Dragon Brotaur" once per turn.')
('Dark Magic Curtain', 'Pay half your LP; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your Deck. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card (but you can Set).')
('Pianissimo', "Target 1 face-up monster you control; this turn, that face-up monster's original ATK becomes 100, also that face-up monster cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.")
('Tornado', "Activate only when there are 3 or more cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone. Destroy 1 card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone.")
('Nephshaddoll Genius', 'FLIP: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" monster you control; this turn, that face-up monster is unaffected by monster effects, except its own.\r\nIf this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target 1 Effect Monster on the field; players cannot activate that target\'s effects on the field this turn. You can only use 1 "Nephshaddoll Genius" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
("Magicians' Defense", 'While you control a Spellcaster-Type monster, any damage you take is halved. (You cannot halve the same damage twice this way.) If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.')
('Savage Colosseum', 'If a monster attacks, at the end of the Damage Step: Its controller gains 300 LP. All monsters must attack, if able. During each End Phase: Destroy all face-up Attack Position monsters the turn player controls, that did not declare an attack.')
('Amatsu-Okami of the Divine Peaks', '3+ Dragon Effect Monsters\r\nMust be Link Summoned. If this Extra Linked card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their LP to 0, you win the Match. ')
('Evil Eye of Gorgoneio', 'Equip only to an "Evil Eye" monster. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye of Gorgoneio" per turn. This card\'s name becomes "Evil Eye of Selene" while in the Spell & Trap Zone. While your LP are lower than your opponent\'s, the equipped monster gains ATK equal to the difference. You can banish this card from your GY and discard 1 "Evil Eye" card; add 1 "Evil Eye" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand, except "Evil Eye of Gorgoneio". You can only use this effect of "Evil Eye of Gorgoneio" once per turn.')
('Orcust Crescendo', 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control an "Orcust" Link Monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card. You can banish this card from your GY; add to your hand 1 of your DARK Machine monsters that is banished or in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except DARK Machine monsters. You can only use 1 "Orcust Crescendo" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Strike of the Monarchs', 'You can Tribute 1 face-up Level 5 or higher Normal Summoned/Set monster, then target 1 face-up card on the field; negate its effects, then draw 1 card. (The effects remain negated until the end of this turn.) During your Main Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish this card, then declare 1 Attribute; all face-up monsters currently on the field become that Attribute until the end of this turn.')
('Familiar-Possessed - Aussa', 'You can send 1 "Aussa the Earth Charmer" and 1 EARTH monster you control to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand or Deck. If you do, this card gets the following effect: ● During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Dangerous Frightfur Nightmary', '1 "Edge Imp" monster + 2 "Fluffal" monsters\r\nGains 300 ATK for each Fairy and Fiend monster in your GY, during your turn only. When this Fusion Summoned card destroys a monster by battle: You can send "Frightfur", "Fluffal", and/or "Edge Imp" monsters from your Deck to the GY, equal to the original Level of that destroyed monster. When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets this card on the field (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Frightfur" monster from your Extra Deck; negate that effect.')
('Psychic Lifetrancer', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn, you can remove from play 1 Psychic-Type monster from your Graveyard to gain 1200 Life Points.')
('Dingirsu, the Orcust of the Evening Star', '2 Level 8 monsters\r\nYou can only Special Summon "Dingirsu, the Orcust of the Evening Star(s)" once per turn. You can also Xyz Summon this card by using an "Orcust" Link Monster you control as material. If a card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can detach 1 material from this card instead. If this card is Special Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Send 1 card your opponent controls to the GY.\r\n● Attach 1 of your banished Machine monsters to this card as material.')
('Raidraptor - Booster Strix', 'When a "Raidraptor" monster you control is targeted for an attack by an opponent\'s monster: You can banish this card from your hand; destroy the attacking monster.')
('Supercharge', 'When your opponent declares an attack while the only monsters you control are Machine-Type "roid" monster(s): Draw 2 cards.')
('Milus Radiant', 'As long as this card remains face-up on the field, increase the ATK of all EARTH monsters by 500 points and decrease the ATK of all WIND monsters by 400 points.')
("Witch's Strike", 'If your opponent negates the Normal or Special Summon of a monster(s), or the activation of a card or effect: Destroy all cards your opponent controls and in their hand.')
('Dwarf Star Dragon Planeter', 'Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can add 1 Level 7 LIGHT or DARK monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Flyfang', 'If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card inflicted Battle Damage to your opponent: Banish this card until your next Standby Phase.')
('Digvorzhak, King of Heavy Industry', "3 Level 5 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; send the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck to the GY, then, if any monsters were sent to the GY by this effect, destroy cards your opponent controls, up to the number of monsters sent.")
("Gravekeeper's Supernaturalist", '2 "Gravekeeper\'s" monsters\r\nGains ATK/DEF equal to the combined original Levels of the materials used for its Fusion Summon x 100. While "Necrovalley" is on the field, this card, and any card in your Field Zone, cannot be destroyed by card effects. During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; during the End Phase of this turn, add 1 "Gravekeeper\'s" monster or 1 "Necrovalley" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Gravekeeper\'s Supernaturalist" once per turn.')
('Ojama Delta Hurricane!!', 'You can only activate this card while "Ojama Green", "Ojama Yellow" and "Ojama Black" are face-up on your side of the field. Destroy all cards on your opponent\'s side of the field.')
('U.A. Perfect Ace', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Perfect Ace". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Perfect Ace" once per turn this way. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated: You can discard 1 card; negate that activation, and if you do, destroy it (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Magnetic Mosquito', 'FLIP: Destroy all face-up Machine-Type monsters on the field.')
('Adamancipator Crystal - Raptite', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Adamancipator" card: You can place 1 Rock monster from your hand or GY on top of the Deck. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 WIND Synchro Monster you control or in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck, and if you do, place this card on top of the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Adamancipator Crystal - Raptite" once per turn.')
('T.G. Drill Fish', 'This card can attack directly. You can only use each of the following effects of "T.G. Drill Fish" once per turn.\r\n● If all monsters you control are "T.G." monsters (min. 1): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\r\n● When a "T.G." monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Option Token', 'This card can be used as an "Option Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Resonance Insect', 'If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Level 5 or higher Insect-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is banished: You can send 1 Insect-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Resonance Insect".')
('Magnet Circle LV2', 'Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Machine-Type monster from your hand.')
('Gishki Natalia', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can target 1 "Gishki" monster in your Graveyard; return that target to the top of the Deck.')
('Puzzle Reborn', 'If exactly 1 monster you control (and no other cards) is destroyed by a card effect: Target that monster; Special Summon that target.')
('Vessel for the Dragon Cycle', 'Send 1 Wyrm monster from your Deck to the GY, then, if you control a face-up non-Effect Monster, you can add from your Deck to your hand 1 "Tenyi" monster with a different name from the monster sent to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Vessel for the Dragon Cycle" per turn.')
('Kaiser Vorse Raider', "If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: This card gains 500 ATK. If this card is destroyed by battle: The monster that destroyed it loses 500 ATK.")
('Resh Shaddoll Incarnation', 'Target 1 "Shaddoll" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in face-up or face-down Defense Position.\r\nYou can banish this card and 1 "Shaddoll" card from your GY, then activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Change 1 face-down monster you control to face-up Defense Position.\r\n● Change 1 face-up monster you control to face-down Defense Position.\r\nYou can only use 1 "Resh Shaddoll Incarnation" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Wicked Plant Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Des Dendle".')
('Chronomaly Golden Jet', 'Once per turn: You can increase the Levels of all "Chronomaly" monsters you currently control by 1.')
('Fury of Thunder', 'Activate the following Skill(s).\r\n● During your Main Phase, while you control "Slifer the Sky Dragon", draw until you have 4 cards in your hand.\r\n● If "Slifer the Sky Dragon" is sent to the GY, you can shuffle it back into your Deck.\r\nEach of these Skills can only be used once per Duel.')
('That Six', 'Each time a player rolls a die (or dice), you can choose 1 die result, and apply the appropriate effect, based on the result.\n● 1, 3, or 5: The die result is treated as 6.\n● 2, 4, or 6: The die result is treated as 1.')
('D/D/D Flame King Genghis', '2 "D/D" monsters\nIf another "D/D" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field, while you control this face-up card (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "D/D" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Flame King Genghis" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can target 1 "Dark Contract" card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.')
('The Calculator', 'The ATK of this card is the combined Levels of all face-up monsters you control x 300.')
('Fairy Box', "When your opponent's monster declares an attack: Toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, the attacking monster's ATK becomes 0 until the end of the Battle Phase. During each of your Standby Phases, pay 500 Life Points or destroy this card.")
('Divine Serpent Geh', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect. If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by an opponent's attack or card effect: You can pay half your LP; Special Summon this card from your hand. Cannot be targeted by card effects. If this card attacks an opponent's monster, during the Damage Step only, negate the effects of that monster while it is face-up on the field (but its effects can still be activated), also its ATK becomes half its original ATK. Once per battle, if this card battles, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can make this card's ATK become equal to the highest original ATK on the field (your choice, if tied).")
('Periallis, Empress of Blossoms', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nGains 400 ATK for each Plant monster you control, except this card. During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher Plant monster from your hand or GY in Defense Position, except "Periallis, Empress of Blossoms". You can only use this effect of "Periallis, Empress of Blossoms" once per turn.')
('Black Luster Soldier - Super Soldier', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Super Soldier Ritual". If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to its ATK in the Graveyard. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard. You can only Special Summon "Black Luster Soldier - Super Soldier(s)" once per turn.')
('Star Staring Starling', 'This card gains an effect based on your Main Monster Zone it is in.\r\n● Leftmost: Increase its Level by 4.\r\n● Rightmost: Increase its Level by 3.\r\n● Center: Increase its Level by 2.\r\n● Others: Increase its Level by 1.')
('Lizard Soldier', 'A beast soldier derived from dragons, it is small for a Dragon-Type. Moving very quickly, this monster is an excellent strategist.')
('Defender of Nephthys', 'During your Main Phase: You can destroy 1 card in your hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Nephthys" monster from your hand, except "Defender of Nephthys". During your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can destroy 1 "Nephthys" monster in your Deck, except "Defender of Nephthys". You can only use each effect of "Defender of Nephthys" once per turn.')
('Shiranui Solitaire', 'You can Tribute 1 Zombie monster; Special Summon 1 Zombie Tuner with 0 DEF from your Deck. If this card is banished: You can target 1 of your banished "Shiranui" monsters, except "Shiranui Solitaire", or up to 2 instead if "Shiranui Style Synthesis" is on the field; Special Summon them. You can only use each effect of "Shiranui Solitaire" once per turn.')
('Lisark', 'A creature with sapphire eyes that mesmerizes and confuses enemies.')
('Digital Bug Cocoondenser', "Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of an Insect-Type monster. Once per turn, if this card is in Attack Position: You can target 1 Level 3 Insect-Type monster in your Graveyard; change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon that monster in Defense Position. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.\r\n● If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step.")
('U.A. Locker Room', '(This card is always treated as a "F.A." card.)\r\nTarget 1 "U.A." or "F.A." monster you control or in your GY; return it to the hand, and if you do, gain 500 LP, then you can reveal any number of "U.A." and/or "F.A." monsters in your hand and shuffle them into the Deck, then draw the same number of cards. You can only activate 1 "U.A. Locker Room" per turn.')
('Constellar Kaus', 'Cannot be used as a Synchro Material. Up to twice per turn: You can target 1 "Constellar" monster on the field, then activate 1 of these effects;\n● Increase its Level by 1.\n● Reduce its Level by 1.')
('Virtual World Kyubi - Shenshen', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nAny card sent from the field to the GY is banished instead. You can only use each of the following effects of "Virtual World Kyubi - Shenshen" once per turn. When your monster declares an attack: You can return 1 banished monster to the owner\'s GY. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish 2 other monsters from your GY with different original Types and Attributes from each other; Special Summon this card from your GY.')
('Harpie Oracle', 'This card\'s name becomes "Harpie Lady" while on the field or in the GY. You can only use each of these effects of "Harpie Oracle" once per turn.\n● If you control a Level 5 or higher "Harpie" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 Spell/Trap from your GY to your hand, that specifically lists the card "Harpie Lady Sisters" in its text, during the End Phase of this turn.')
('Time Thief Chronocorder', 'During your opponent\'s Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; the next battle damage you take from an opponent\'s monster\'s attack this turn is inflicted to your opponent instead. If a face-up Xyz Monster you control leaves the field by card effect, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Time Thief Chronocorder" once per turn.')
('Malus Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "The Golden Apples". The ATK and DEF of this Token are each equal to the amount of Life Points gained by the effect of "The Golden Apples".')
('XX-Saber Fulhelmknight', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can target the attacking monster; negate that attack. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. If this card destroys an opponent\'s Defense Position monster by battle: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.')
('Magical King Moonstar', "Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a DARK Synchro Monster. If you control a Tuner monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 other monster you control or in your Graveyard; until the end of this turn, this card's Level becomes the same as that monster's, also you cannot Special Summon, except by Synchro Summon.")
('ZW - Dragonic Halberd', '2 Level 5 monsters\r\nCannot attack directly. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; add 1 "ZEXAL" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this card you control to it as an Equip Spell that gives it 3000 ATK. When the equipped monster destroys a monster by battle: You can Special Summon any number of "ZW -" Monster Cards equipped to the equipped monster.')
('Parallel Twister', 'Send 1 other Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.')
('Gift Exchange', 'Both players banish 1 card from their Decks, face-down, and if they do, during the End Phase of this turn, both players add to their hands the card their opponent banished by this effect.')
('Dragon Zombie', 'A dragon revived by sorcery. Its breath is highly corrosive.')
('Enchanting Mermaid', 'A beautiful mermaid that lures voyagers to a watery grave.')
('Self-Mummification', 'Select 1 monster you control, and send it to the Graveyard.')
('Graff, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss', 'If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Graff, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Burning Abyss" monster from your Deck, except "Graff, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss".')
('Appliancer Copybokkle', 'You can target 1 "Appliancer" monster you control; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, this card\'s name becomes the targeted monster\'s name until the End Phase. During your Main Phase, if this card is in your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Appliancer" monster you control; Special Summon 1 monster with the same name from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Appliancer Copybokkle" once per turn.')
('Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Leopard', 'During your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can Tribute 1 "Fire Fist" monster; Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck. You can only use the effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Leopard" once per turn.')
('ABC-Dragon Buster', '"A-Assault Core" + "B-Buster Drake" + "C-Crush Wyvern"\r\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control and/or from your GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card on the field; banish it. During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 3 of your banished LIGHT Machine Union monsters with different names; Special Summon them.')
('Togex', 'An agile monster that rolls up to ram its opponents.')
('Salamangreat Transcendence', 'Target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster with the same name from your Extra Deck, using that monster you control as the entire material. (This is treated as a Link Summon.) You can only activate 1 "Salamangreat Transcendence" per turn.')
('Monster Reincarnation', 'Discard 1 card, then target 1 monster in your GY; add it to your hand.')
('Triamid Kingolem', 'All Rock-Type monsters on the field gain 500 ATK. If a "Triamid" monster you control battles, your opponent\'s cards and effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step. If this face-up card in the Field Zone is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Triamid" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Triamid Kingolem" once per turn.')
('Black Wing Revenge', 'When a Winged Beast-Type monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 2 "Blackwing - Black Crest Tokens" (Winged Beast-Type/DARK/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 800).')
('Doomsday Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Fires of Doomsday". This Token cannot be used as a Tribute for a Tribute Summon, unless it is for a DARK monster.')
('The Accumulator', 'Gains ATK equal to the combined Link Ratings of all Link Monsters on the field x 300.')
('Kayenn, the Master Magma Blacksmith', 'You can banish this card from your Graveyard; all face-up "Laval" monsters you currently control gain 400 ATK.')
('Saryuja Skull Dread', '2+ monsters with different names\nThis card gains effects based on the number of materials used for its Link Summon.\n● 2+: If a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone this card points to: That monster(s) gains 300 ATK/DEF.\n● 3+: Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.\n● 4: When this card is Link Summoned: You can draw 4 cards, then place 3 cards from your hand on the bottom of your Deck in any order.')
('The Masked Beast', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Curse of the Masked Beast".')
('Necrolancer the Time-lord', 'The one-eyed Necrolancer launches his onslaught from a dimensional ring that can appear out of thin air.')
('Gundari', "This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to its owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. If this card battles a Synchro Monster, return both monsters to their owners' hands at the start of the Damage Step (without damage calculation).")
('Shark Stickers', 'When a Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster is Normal or Special Summoned to your side of the field: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.')
('Pentestag', '2 Effect Monsters\r\nIf your linked monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Dark Zebra', 'If this is the only Monster Card in your control during your Standby Phase, it is changed to Defense Position. You cannot change the position of this card during the same turn.')
('Dreadscythe Harvester', 'You can Tribute 1 Insect-Type monster to have this card gain 500 ATK until the end of the turn.')
('Nitro Warrior', '"Nitro Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce during each of your turns, if you activate a Spell Card, this card gains 1000 ATK during the next attack this turn involving this card, during damage calculation only. If this attacking card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, after damage calculation: You can target 1 face-up Defense Position monster your opponent controls; change that target to Attack Position, then this card can make a second attack in a row, on that monster.')
('Chainsaw Insect', 'At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked or was attacked: Your opponent draws 1 card.')
('Mecha-Dog Marron', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 1000 damage to both players. When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard except by battle, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.')
('Kozmoll Wickedwitch', 'During either player\'s turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmoll Wickedwitch" once per turn. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can pay 1000 LP; this turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.')
('Super All In!', 'Return 1 Synchro Monster you control to the Extra Deck, and if you do, Special Summon 4 "Flower Cardian" monsters from your GY, then, draw 1 card and show it, then, if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster, you can Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Otherwise, destroy as many monsters you control as possible, and if you destroyed at least 1, halve your LP. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there by the effect of a "Flower Cardian" monster this turn while in your possession: You can add 1 Spell/Trap from your GY to your hand.')
('Card of Sanctity', 'Banish all other cards you control and in your hand (min. 1 from each); draw until you have 2 cards in your hand.')
('Number 52: Diamond Crab King', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change this card\'s DEF to 0, and if you do, change its ATK to 3000. These changes last until the end of this turn. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is attacked, change it to Attack Position at the end of the Damage Step if it has no Xyz Materials. You can only control 1 "Number 52: Diamond Crab King".')
('Xyz Reversal', 'Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls and 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; switch control of both monsters.')
('Tatakawa Knight', "If the activation of your Spell/Trap Card is negated by your opponent's card effect: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; inflict 1500 damage to your opponent.")
('Gravity Warrior', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: It gains 300 ATK for each face-up monster your opponent controls. Once per turn, during your opponent's Battle Phase: You can target 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls; change it to face-up Attack Position, also it must attack this turn, if able.")
('Simorgh, Bird of Divinity', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned. If you Tribute Summon this card, all Tributes must be WIND. Each player takes 1000 damage during each of their End Phases, while this card remains face-up on the field. This damage is decreased by 500 for each Spell/Trap Card the player controls.')
('Crystal Rose', 'Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" or "Melodious" monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, this card\'s name becomes the sent monster\'s name, until the End Phase. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 Fusion Monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Crystal Rose" once per turn.')
('Ultimate Tyranno', 'This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. During your Battle Phase, if you control an "Ultimate Tyranno" that can attack, monsters other than "Ultimate Tyranno" cannot attack.')
('Saber Vault', 'Each face-up "X-Saber" monster on the field gains 100 ATK x its Level, and loses 100 DEF x its Level.')
('R-Genex Accelerator', 'When a "Genex" monster is added from your Deck to your hand, you can reveal that monster to Special Summon it.')
('Giltia the D. Knight', '"Guardian of the Labyrinth" + "Protector of the Throne"')
('Viral Infection', '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.]\r\n\r\nOnce per turn, discard any number of cards and declare 1 type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap). Your opponent sends 1 card of the declared type from their Deck to the GY for each discarded card. If you do that, flip this card over.')
('Giganticastle', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nThis card gains 200 ATK and DEF for each non-Tuner Synchro Material Monster used to Synchro Summon this card.')
('Conscription', "Excavate the top card of your opponent's Deck, and if it is a monster that can be Normal Summoned/Set, Special Summon it to your field. Otherwise, add that card to your opponent's hand.")
('Side Effects?', 'Your opponent draws 1 to 3 cards, then you gain 2000 LP for each card they drew with this effect.')
('Soul Pendulum', 'You can target 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones; change each target\'s Pendulum Scale by 1 (min. 1). You can only use this effect of "Soul Pendulum" once per turn. Each time your Pendulum Monster(s) is Pendulum Summoned, place 1 counter on this card. Pendulum Monsters on the field gain 300 ATK for each counter on this card. You can remove 3 counters from this card; during your Main Phase this turn, you can conduct 1 Pendulum Summon of a monster(s) in addition to your Pendulum Summon. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)')
('Flare Resonator', 'A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material gains 300 ATK.')
('Odd-Eyes Revolution Dragon', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except Dragon monsters. This effect cannot be negated. You can target 1 Dragon Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster in your GY; destroy this card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nCannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be either Pendulum Summoned from the hand, or Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 3 Dragon monsters (1 Fusion, 1 Synchro, and 1 Xyz). You can discard this card and pay 500 LP; add 1 Level 8 or lower Dragon Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand. Gains ATK/DEF equal to half your opponent's LP. Once per turn: You can pay half your LP; shuffle all other cards on the field and in the GYs into the Deck.")
('Switcheroroo', 'If you control the same number of monsters as your opponent, switch control of all those monsters.')
('Riryoku', 'Target 2 face-up monsters on the field; halve the ATK of 1 monster, and if you do, add that lost ATK to the other monster. These effects last until the end of this turn.')
('Double Cyclone', 'Target 1 Spell/Trap you control and 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy them.')
('Sunvine Gardna', '1 Plant Normal Monster\r\nIf a "Sunavalon" Link Monster(s) you control leaves the field by card effect: Destroy this card. When an attack is declared involving this card linked to a "Sunavalon" Link Monster and an opponent\'s monster: You can activate this effect; the battle damage you take from that battle is halved. When this card is destroyed by battle: You can activate this effect; end the Battle Phase after the Damage Step.')
('Mekk-Knight Orange Sunset', 'If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Orange Sunset" once per turn this way. If an opponent\'s card in this card\'s column is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster from your hand.')
("Ghost Meets Girl - A Mayakashi's Manuscript", 'During the Main Phase: Target 1 Zombie Synchro Monster you control; Special Summon 1 of your Zombie monsters with the same Attribute, that is banished or in your GY, but banish it during the End Phase, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, except Zombie monsters. You can only activate 1 "Ghost Meets Girl - A Mayakashi\'s Manuscript" per turn.')
('Altergeist Haunted Rock', 'If this card was Set by the effect of an "Altergeist" card, you can activate it the turn it was Set. When this card is activated: Send 1 "Altergeist" monster from your hand to the GY. When your opponent activates a Trap Card (except during the Damage Step): You can send 1 "Altergeist" monster from your hand to the GY; negate that effect, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Haunted Rock" once per turn.')
('Amphibious Swarmship Amblowhale', '2+ Effect Monsters\r\nGains 200 ATK for each Link Monster in the GYs. You can only use each of the following effects of "Amphibious Swarmship Amblowhale" once per turn.\r\n● If this card is destroyed: You can target 1 Link-3 or lower monster in either GY; Special Summon it.\r\n● If a Link-3 or lower monster(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect while this card is in your GY: You can banish this card from your GY; destroy 1 card on the field.')
('Emblem of the Awakening', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Cu Chulainn the Awakened". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 4 or more from the field or your hand.')
('Armored Zombie', 'This warrior blindly swings a deadly blade with devastating force.')
('Lunalight Black Sheep', 'You can discard this card, then activate 1 of these effects;\n● Add 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Graveyard to your hand, except "Lunalight Black Sheep".\n● Add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand.\nIf this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon: You can add to your hand, 1 face-up "Lunalight" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck or 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Graveyard, except "Lunalight Black Sheep".')
('Feast of the Wild LV5', 'Special Summon up to 2 Level 5 Warrior-Type monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, but their effects are negated, also, for the rest of this turn, they cannot attack.')
('Infestation Pandemic', 'All face-up "lswarm" monsters you currently control are unaffected by other Spell/Trap effects this turn.')
('Salamangreat Falco', 'If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Salamangreat" Spell/Trap in your GY; Set that target to your field. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 "Salamangreat" monster you control, except "Salamangreat Falco"; return that monster to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use 1 "Salamangreat Falco" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Candle of Fate', 'Decides the fate of an opponent when the candle on its fingertip burns out.')
('Phantasmal Martyr Token', 'This card can be used as a "Phantasmal Martyr Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Illusionist Faceless Magician', 'If a face-up "Eyes Restrict" Fusion Monster(s) or "Relinquished" you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when that monster was destroyed) or hand (even if not). If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 "Eyes Restrict" Fusion Monster or "Relinquished" in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Illusionist Faceless Magician" once per turn.')
('Puppet Ritual', 'If your opponent\'s Life Points are at least 2000 higher than yours: You can target 2 Level 8 "Gimmick Puppet" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets. You can only activate 1 "Puppet Ritual" per turn. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Aurora Paragon', "Neither player can Special Summon monsters. When another monster is Normal Summoned to either player's side of the field, destroy this card.")
('Hyozanryu', 'A dragon created from a massive diamond that sparkles with blinding light.')
('Clear Kuriboh', 'When your opponent activates a monster effect that would inflict damage (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; negate the activation. When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack: You can banish this card from your GY; draw 1 card, and if it is a monster, you can Special Summon it, then change the attack target to it. You can only use this effect of "Clear Kuriboh" once per turn.')
('Dark Magic Twin Burst', 'Target 1 "Dark Magician" you control; it gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of all "Dark Magician Girl" currently on the field and in the GYs, until the end of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Dark Magic Twin Burst" per turn.')
('Gem-Knight Topaz', '"Gem-Knight Tourmaline" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster\r\nMust first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.')
('Tornado Dragon', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it.')
('Trade-In', 'Discard 1 Level 8 monster; draw 2 cards.')
('Timegazer Magician', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou must control no monsters to activate this card. If a Pendulum Monster you control battles, your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Unless you have a "Magician" card or "Odd-Eyes" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card\'s Pendulum Scale becomes 4.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nEach turn, the first card(s) in your Pendulum Zone that would be destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, is not destroyed.')
('Wind-Up Juggler', "After damage calculation, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can destroy that opponent's monster. This effect can be used only once while this card is face-up on the field.")
('Arcana Extra Joker', '3 Warrior monsters with different names\r\nOnce per turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that targets this face-up card on the field or a monster this card points to (Quick Effect): You can discard the same type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); negate the activation. When this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 Warrior Normal Monster from your Deck, and if you do, add 1 Level 4 Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Steelswarm Hercules', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. Requires 3 "Steelswarm" Tributes to Normal Summon (cannot be Normal Set). Once per turn: You can pay half your Life Points; destroy all other cards on the field.')
('Ancient Sorcerer', 'Armed with an array of magic wands, this creature is capable of multiple attacks.')
('Ventdra, the Empowered Warrior', 'This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Dragon, Warrior, or Spellcaster-Type Normal Monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.')
('Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite', 'If this card is in your GY: You can return 1 face-up card you control to the hand; Special Summon this card, and if you do, take 400 damage. You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite" once per Duel.')
('Reversal Quiz', "Send all cards in your hand and on your side of the field to the Graveyard. Call the type of card (Spell, Trap, or Monster) on top of your Deck. If you call it right, exchange your current Life Points with your opponent's current ones.")
('Harmonizing Magician', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nAll monsters you control gain 100 ATK and DEF for each face-up "Magician" Pendulum Monster with different names in your Extra Deck.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nCannot be Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. Cannot be used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Summon, unless all other materials are "Magician" Pendulum Monsters. When this card is Pendulum Summoned from the hand: You can Special Summon 1 "Magician" Pendulum Monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Harmonizing Magician", but negate its effects, also banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Harmonizing Magician" once per turn.')
('Oneiros, the Dream Mirror Faeking', '2 "Dream Mirror" monsters with different Attributes\r\nWhile face-up on the field, this card is also LIGHT-Attribute. You can only use each of the following effects of "Oneiros, the Dream Mirror Faeking" once per turn. When a monster effect is activated while "Dream Mirror of Terror" is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can negate that effect. If "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Oneiros, the Dream Mirror Erlking" from your Extra Deck in Defense Position.')
('Generaider Boss Room', 'When your opponent activates a card or effect in response to the activation of your "Generaider" card or effect: You can discard 1 card; your opponent\'s activated effect becomes "each player draws 1 card". You can only use this effect of "Generaider Boss Room" once per turn.')
('Catch of the Day', '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.]\r\n\r\nIf you control "The Legendary Fisherman", you can activate "Umi" directly from your Deck or GY. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.\r\nOnce per turn, when "The Legendary Fisherman" you control destroys a monster by battle or inflicts battle damage to your opponent, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower WATER monster from your Deck or GY in Defense Position.')
('Musician King', '"Witch of the Black Forest" + "Lady of Faith"')
('Spiritual Earth Art - Kurogane', 'Tribute 1 EARTH monster. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower EARTH monster from your Graveyard, except the Tributed monster.')
('Whirlwind Prodigy', 'When Tribute Summoning a WIND monster, you can treat this 1 monster as 2 Tributes.')
('Convert Contact', 'If you control no monsters: Send 2 "Neo-Spacian" monsters (1 from your hand and 1 from your Deck) to the GY, then draw 2 cards.')
('Power Tool Mecha Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nDuring your turn, when an Equip Spell Card(s) is equipped to this card: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Power Tool Mecha Dragon" once per turn. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can target 1 appropriate face-up Equip Card on the field; equip that target to this card.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Hamstrat', 'When this card is flipped face-up: Special Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). This card\'s Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You can Tribute 1 Token, then target 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can only use this effect of "Mecha Phantom Beast Hamstrat" once per turn.')
('Necro Defender', "During your Main Phase, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard to select 1 monster you control. Until your opponent's next End Phase, that monster cannot be destroyed by battle, and you take no Battle Damage from battles involving it.")
('Magical Musket - Dancing Needle', 'If you control a "Magical Musket" monster: Target up to 3 cards in the GYs; banish them. You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Dancing Needle" per turn.')
('Senju of the Thousand Hands', 'When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Performapal Revival', 'If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Special Summon 1 "Performapal" monster from your hand or Graveyard.')
('Infernity Paranoia', 'Tribute 1 DARK monster; Special Summon 1 "Infernity" monster from your Deck or GY with the same Level but a different name, but negate its effects. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Infernity" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Infernity Paranoia" per turn.')
('Gishki Zielgigas', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card. Once per turn: You can pay 1000 Life Points; draw 1 card, and if you do, reveal it, then, if it was a "Gishki" monster, shuffle 1 card from the field into the Deck.')
('Living Fossil', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it and equip it with this card, but banish it when it leaves the field (even if this card has left the field). When this card leaves the field, banish the equipped monster. The equipped monster loses 1000 ATK/DEF, also its effects are negated. You can only activate 1 "Living Fossil" per turn.')
('Rose, Warrior of Revenge', 'When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.')
('Attraffic Control', 'If your opponent controls 3 or more monsters, they cannot declare an attack.')
('Leghul', "This monster may attack your opponent's Life Points directly.")
('Heroic Challenger - Clasp Sword', 'When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Heroic Challenger" monster: You can add 1 "Heroic Challenger" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use the effect of "Heroic Challenger - Clasp Sword" once per turn.')
('Featherizer', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can send 1 Gemini monster from your Deck to the Graveyard and draw 1 card.')
('Luna Light Perfume', 'Target 1 "Lunalight" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can banish this card from your GY, then discard 1 card; add 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('The White Stone of Legend', 'If this card is sent to the GY: Add 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Spirit of the Harp', 'A spirit that soothes the soul with the music of its heavenly harp.')
('Man-Eating Treasure Chest', 'A monster disguised as a treasure chest that is known to attack the unwary adventurer.')
('The Last Warrior from Another Planet', '"Zombyra the Dark" + "Maryokutai"\nIf this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all other monsters you control. Neither player can Summon monsters.')
('Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom', 'You can only control 1 "Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom". (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 "Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie monster, then target 1 "Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie monster in your GY, with a different name than the Tributed monster had on the field; Special Summon that monster in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom" once per turn.')
('Helpoemer', "Cannot be Special Summoned from the GY. At the end of your opponent's Battle Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed by battle: Make your opponent discard 1 random card. This card must be in the GY to activate and to resolve this effect.")
('Doki Doki', 'You can discard 1 Rock monster; Special Summon from your Deck, 1 Rock monster that has the same original Attribute and Level as that monster, in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Doki Doki" once per turn.')
('Raidraptor - Arsenal Falcon', '2 Level 7 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 Winged Beast monster from your Deck. If this card has any number of "Raidraptor" monsters as material, it can attack up to that many times during each Battle Phase. If this card is sent to the GY while it has a "Raidraptor" monster as material: You can Special Summon 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Raidraptor - Arsenal Falcon", and if you do, attach this card from your GY to it as material.')
('Blue Flame Swordsman', "Once per turn, during either player's Battle Phase: You can target 1 other Warrior-Type monster you control; this card loses exactly 600 ATK, and if it does, that monster gains 600 ATK. When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.")
('Reckoned Power', 'Reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" in your hand. Destroy all face-down Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.')
('Gateway Dragon', 'If your opponent controls a Link Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Gateway Dragon" once per turn this way. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower DARK Dragon monster from your hand.')
('World Legacy Whispers', 'When this card is activated: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher monster on the field; it gains 1000 ATK/DEF until the end of this turn. Negate any opponent\'s Spell effect that activates in the same column as a "Mekk-Knight" monster you control.')
('Heroic Challenger - Night Watchman', 'If this card attacks a Defense Position monster your opponent controls, before damage calculation: You can destroy that monster.')
('Gold Moon Coin', 'Add 2 cards from your hand to your opponent\'s hand, then draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Gold Moon Coin" per turn.')
('Fighting Spirit', 'The equipped monster gains 300 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. If it would be destroyed by battle, you can destroy this card instead.')
('Cyberdark Horn', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: Target 1 Level 3 or lower Dragon monster in your GY; equip that Dragon monster to this card. Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy the monster equipped to it by its effect, instead.')
('Paradox Fusion', 'When a monster(s) would be Special Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Banish 1 face-up Fusion Monster you control; negate the Special Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card, also during your 2nd End Phase, return the banished Fusion Monster to your field in face-up Attack Position.')
('Old Vindictive Magician', 'FLIP: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Evil Dragon Ananta', "This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play all Reptile-Type monsters from your side of the field and Graveyard. This card's ATK and DEF are each equal to the number of monsters you removed x 600. During each of your End Phases, destroy 1 card on the field.")
('Blasting the Ruins', "You can only activate this card if there are 30 or more cards in your Graveyard. Inflict 3000 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.")
('Crystal Tree', 'Each time a "Crystal Beast" monster(s) is placed in either player\'s Spell & Trap Zone, place 1 Crystal Counter on this card. You can send this card to the GY; take a number of "Crystal Beast" monsters from your Deck equal to the number of Crystal Counters that were on this card, and place them face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous Spells.')
('Nekroz of Decisive Armor', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned without using any Level 10 monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only use each of these effects of "Nekroz of Decisive Armor" once per turn.\n● During either player\'s turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 "Nekroz" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK and DEF until the end of this turn.\n● You can target 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, banish it.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Warbluran', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a Machine-Type monster: Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0), also, for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon any other monsters, except WIND monsters. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You can Tribute 1 other "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster; increase this card\'s Level by 1. You can only use 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Warbluran" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Shadow of Eyes', "When a monster(s) is Set on your opponent's field: Target 1 of those Set monsters; change that Set monster to face-up Attack Position. (Flip Effects are not activated.)")
('Worm Queen', 'You can Tribute Summon this card in face-up Attack Position by Tributing 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster. Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster to Special Summon 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster from your Deck with a Level less than or equal to the Tributed monster.')
('Mermail Abyssleed', 'You can discard 3 other WATER monsters to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. When Summoned this way: You can target 1 "Abyss-" Spell/Trap in your GY; add that target to your hand. You can Tribute 1 other Attack Position "Mermail" monster; send 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Mermail Abyssleed" once per turn.')
('Destined Rivals', 'If you control "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" or "Dark Magician": Negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls, until the end of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Destined Rivals" per turn.')
('Hinotama Soul', 'An intensely hot flame creature that rams anything standing in its way.')
('Aromaseraphy Sweet Marjoram', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nWhile your LP are higher than your opponent\'s, your opponent cannot target Plant monsters you control with card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Aromaseraphy Sweet Marjoram" once per turn.\n● If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can add 1 "Humid Winds", "Dried Winds", or "Blessed Winds" from your Deck to your hand.\n● If you gain LP: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Battlecruiser Dianthus', '3 Level 3 monsters\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card in their hand. You can only use the effect of "Battlecruiser Dianthus" once per turn.')
('Witchcrafter Pittore', 'During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then discard 1 Spell; Special Summon 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your Deck, except "Witchcrafter Pittore". You can banish this card from your GY; draw 1 card, then send 1 "Witchcrafter" card from your hand to the GY, or, if you have none, banish your entire hand. You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Pittore" once per turn.')
('Token Sundae', 'Destroy all Tokens you control, then destroy cards on the field up to the number of Tokens destroyed by this effect.')
('Zefraxi, Treasure of the Yang Zing', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Yang Zing" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Pendulum Summoned, or Special Summoned from the Main Deck: You can target 1 "Yang Zing" or "Zefra" monster you control, except "Zefraxi, Treasure of the Yang Zing"; that monster is treated as a Tuner monster this turn, also place this card on the bottom of the Deck when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Zefraxi, Treasure of the Yang Zing" once per turn.')
('Three-Legged Zombies', 'A pair of friendly skeletons, lean and fat, that travel with extreme difficulty.')
('Kelbek', 'A monster that attacks this card returns to the hand. Damage calculation is applied normally.')
('Darklord Tezcatlipoca', 'If a "Darklord" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can discard this card instead. During either player\'s turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 "Darklord" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; apply that target\'s effect, then shuffle that target into the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Darklord Tezcatlipoca" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Darklord Tezcatlipoca(s)" once per turn.')
('Psychic Overload', 'Target 3 Psychic-Type monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 2 cards.')
('Spiritual Forest', 'Each turn, the first face-up Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Plant-Type monster you control that would be destroyed by battle, is not destroyed.')
('Evolzar Dolkka', "2 Level 4 Dinosaur-Type monsters\nDuring either player's turn, when a monster effect activates: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.")
('Michizure', 'When a monster is sent from the field to your GY, even during the Damage Step: Target 1 monster on the field; destroy it.')
('Bri Synchron', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material, until the end of this turn, the Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material gains 600 ATK, but its effects are negated.')
('Shafu, the Wheeled Mayakashi', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Mayakashi" monster in your GY, except "Shafu, the Wheeled Mayakashi"; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Shafu, the Wheeled Mayakashi" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Mayakashi" monsters.')
('Ivy Shackles', "All face-up monsters your opponent controls become Plant-Type during your turns only. If this face-up card you control is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Draw 1 card.")
('Soul Resurrection', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('Mokey Mokey Smackdown', 'While a face-up "Mokey Mokey" is on your side of the field, if a Fairy-Type monster on your side of the field is destroyed, the ATK of each "Mokey Mokey" on your side of the field becomes 3000 until the end of this turn.')
('Ancient Warriors Saga - Borrowing of Arrows', 'You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls and 1 "Ancient Warriors" monster you control; until the end of this turn, halve that opponent\'s monster\'s ATK, and if you do, add that lost ATK to your monster (even if this card leaves the field). If this card is sent to the GY while you control "Ancient Warriors" monsters with 2 or more different Attributes: You can place 1 "Ancient Warriors" Continuous Spell/Trap from your hand or Deck face-up on your field, except "Ancient Warriors Saga - Borrowing of Arrows". You can only use each effect of "Ancient Warriors Saga - Borrowing of Arrows" once per turn.')
('Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind', 'When your opponent declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn: You can switch the original ATK and DEF of this card, until the end of this turn.')
('Ghostrick Specter', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When a "Ghostrick" monster is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, or by battle with their attacking monster, and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in face-down Defense Position, and if you do, draw 1 card.')
('Gladiator Beast Noxious', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, change the attack target to this card, and proceed to damage calculation. This card cannot be destroyed by that battle. If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: You can send 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck to the GY. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Noxious".')
('Liberty at Last!', 'When a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target 2 face-up monsters on the field; shuffle those targets into the Deck.')
('Fire King Avatar Kirin', 'If a face-up "Fire King" monster you control is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can send 1 FIRE monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Really Eternal Rest', 'Destroy all monsters equipped with an Equip Card(s).')
('Hero Counterattack', 'When an "Elemental HERO" monster you control is destroyed by battle: Your opponent chooses and reveals 1 random card from your hand, then, if it is an "Elemental HERO" monster, you destroy 1 monster your opponent controls and Special Summon the chosen monster.')
('Spider Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Spider Egg".')
('Infernity Necromancer', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, it is changed to Defense Position. If you have no cards in your hand, this card gains the following effect: Once per turn, you can select 1 "Infernity" monster in your Graveyard, except "Infernity Necromancer", and Special Summon it.')
('Grit', "[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.] \r\n\r\nAt the start of your turn, call 2 numbers and roll a six-sided die. If you roll a number you called, your LP do not get lower than 1 until the end of your opponent's next turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. ")
('Fandora, the Flying Furtress', 'During your Draw Phase, before you draw: You can give up your normal draw this turn, and if you do, add 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your Deck to your hand. If you control 5 or more monsters "Fur Hire" with different names: You can send this card from the Field Zone to the GY; destroy all cards your opponent controls, also, for the rest of this turn, your opponent takes no damage.')
('Snow Dragon', 'When this card is destroyed by battle or by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Place 1 Ice Counter on each face-up monster on the field.')
('Flower Stacking', 'Choose 3 "Flower Cardian" monsters with different names from your Deck, and place them on top of your Deck in any order. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Flower Cardian" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Flower Stacking" once per turn.')
('Abyss-scorn', 'Target 1 "Mermail" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase. When this Set card is sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; send that target to the Graveyard.')
('Battle Waltz', 'Target 1 Synchro Monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Waltz Token" with the current Type, Attribute, Level, ATK and DEF of that monster. Neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving this Token.')
('Deepsea Warrior', 'As long as "Umi" is face-up on the field, this card is unaffected by any Spell Cards.')
('Raging Mad Plants', 'All Plant-Type monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK for each Plant-Type monster currently in your Graveyard, until the end of this turn. During the End Phase, destroy all Plant-Type monsters you control.')
('Dark Valkyria', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● Once, while this card is face-up on the field: You can place 1 Spell Counter on it. This card gains 300 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Hecatrice', 'You can discard this card to the GY; add 1 "Valhalla, Hall of the Fallen" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Security Force Platina', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished "Security Force" monsters, except "Security Force Platina"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Security Force Platina" once per turn. Monsters your opponent controls that face a "Security Force" monster you control lose 600 ATK.')
('Amorphage Lechery', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhile you control an "Amorphage" monster, neither player can activate Spell Cards or their effects, except for "Amorphage" cards. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.')
('Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Panda', 'If you activate a "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 "Fire Fist" monster from your GY, except "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Panda", also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Fire Fist" monsters. If a "Fire Fist" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effect, you can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control to the GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Panda" once per turn.')
('D - Fortune', 'When your opponent declares a direct attack: Banish 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your Graveyard; end the Battle Phase.')
('Security Token', 'This card can be used as a "Security Token".\r\n\r\n\r\n● If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type / Attribute / Level / ATK / DEF.')
('Clear Wing Synchro Dragon', "1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per turn, when another Level 5 or higher monster activates its effect on the field (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. Once per turn, when a monster effect is activated that targets 1 Level 5 or higher monster on the field (and no other cards) (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. If this card's effect destroys a monster, this card gains ATK equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK until the end of this turn.")
('Squeaknight', 'If this card is Special Summoned: You can activate this effect; treat this card as a Tuner this turn, also you can only Special Summon once from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.')
('Double Defender', "Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares an attack while you control 2 or more face-up Defense Position monsters: You can target the attacking monster; negate that attack.")
('The Agent of Creation - Venus', 'You can pay 500 LP; Special Summon 1 "Mystical Shine Ball" from your hand or Deck.')
('Lightsworn Sabre', 'Equip only to a "Lightsworn" monster. It gains 700 ATK. When this card is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Lightsworn" monster you control; equip this card to that target.')
('Nanobreaker', "If this card attacks a face-up Level 3 or lower monster, destroy the monster immediately with this card's effect without applying damage calculation.")
('Maryokutai', "During your opponent's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.")
('Pragtical', '"Trakodon" + "Flame Viper"')
('Millennium Golem', 'For nearly a millennium, this golem has served as guardian of an ancient treasure trove.')
('Synchro Call', 'Target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 DARK Dragon or Fiend-Type Synchro Monster using only monsters you control as Materials, including the Summoned monster.')
('Eva', 'If this card is sent to the GY: You can banish up to 2 other LIGHT Fairy monsters from your field and/or GY; add the same number of Level 2 or lower LIGHT Fairy monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand, except "Eva". You can only use this effect of "Eva" once per turn.')
('Metabo Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Metabo Globster". This Token cannot be used as a Tribute for a Tribute Summon.')
('Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction', '2 Level 3 monsters\nDuring your Standby Phase: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card or take 2000 damage. You cannot Special Summon any monsters. While this card has no Xyz Materials, it cannot attack.')
('Dotscaper', 'If this card is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card. If this card is banished: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use 1 "Dotscaper" effect per turn, and only once that turn. You can only use each effect of "Dotscaper" once per Duel.')
('Rai-Mei', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Level 2 or lower LIGHT monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Dwimmered Path', 'Target 1 Spellcaster Effect Monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Dwimmered Path" per turn.')
('Overlay Capture', "Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls that has Xyz Material and 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; detach all Xyz Materials from the opponent's monster, and if you do, attach this card to your monster as an Xyz Material.")
('Evolutionary Bridge', 'When a monster you control is targeted for an attack: Target 1 "Evoltile" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, then switch the attack target to that monster and conduct damage calculation.')
('Speedroid Dominobutterfly', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except WIND monsters. This effect cannot be negated. You can discard 1 WIND monster, then target 1 of your banished WIND monsters; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Dominobutterfly" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nCannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a WIND Dragon or Machine-Type Synchro Monster. If this card, Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, is used as a Material for a Synchro Summon, banish it.')
('Torpedo Fish', 'While "Umi" is face-up on the field, this card is unaffected by any Spell Cards.')
('Protron', 'Ancestral species found in electronic space. No one knows how much information it holds.')
('Zoodiac Whiptail', "(Quick Effect): You can target 1 Beast-Warrior Xyz Monster you control; attach this card from your hand or field to it as material. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Beast-Warrior and has this card as material gains this effect.\r\n● If this card battles an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: Banish that opponent's monster.")
('Neo-Parshath, the Sky Paladin', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Airknight Parshath". If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Draw 1 card. While "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field and your LP is higher than your opponent\'s, this card gains ATK/DEF equal to the difference in LP.')
('Atomic Firefly', 'When this face-up card on the field attacks or is attacked and it is destroyed as a result of battle, the player who destroyed it takes 1000 points of damage.')
('Cubic Dharma', 'You take no battle damage from attacks involving your "Cubic" monsters. You can only use each of the following effects of "Cubic Dharma" once per turn, during your Main Phase:\r\n● You can send 1 "Cubic" card from your hand to the GY, and if you do, draw 1 card.\r\n● You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Cubic" monster in your GY; add it to your hand.')
("Pharaoh's Treasure", 'Shuffle this card face-up into your Deck. If you draw this face-up card that was added to the Deck by this effect: Send it to the GY, then target 1 card in your GY, except this card; add that target to your hand.')
('Abaki', 'When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by battle, both players take 500 damage.')
('Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned except with its own effect or with "Phoenixian Seed". If this card attacks, it is destroyed after damage calculation. If this card you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. During your End Phase, you can remove from play 1 Plant-Type monster from your Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in Defense Position.')
('Burning Beast', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this monster on the field, you can equip it to your "Freezing Beast" as an Equip Spell Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card\'s effect, each time the equipped monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, destroy 1 face-up Spell or Trap Card on the field. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)')
('Mild Turkey', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can roll a six-sided die. Until the end of this turn, reduce this card's Pendulum Scale by that number (min. 1).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nThe taste of victory will bowl you over.")
('Confronting the "C"', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the Extra Deck (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you do, this card is unaffected by monster effects that target this card.')
('Virtual World Phoenix - Fanfan', '2+ Level 6 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 2 materials from this card, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls and 1 card in either GY; banish them. If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed by battle with an opponent\'s attacking monster, or by an opponent\'s card effect while in its owner\'s Monster Zone: You can Special Summon 2 "Virtual World" monsters with the same Type and Attribute as each other from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Virtual World Phoenix - Fanfan" once per turn.')
('Necroid Synchro', 'Banish 1 Tuner and up to 2 non-Tuner monsters from your Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Stardust" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck whose Level equals the total Levels of those banished monsters, but it has its effects negated. (This Special Summon is treated as a Synchro Summon.)')
('Elemental HERO Terra Firma', '"Elemental HERO Ocean" + "Elemental HERO Woodsman"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can Tribute 1 face-up "Elemental HERO" monster; this card gains ATK equal to the Tributed monster\'s ATK, until the End Phase.')
('The Judgement Hand', 'An all-powerful hand that delivers ruthless attacks.')
('Number iC1000: Numeronius Numeronia', '5 Level 13 monsters\r\n(This card is not treated as a "Numeron" card.)\r\nIf this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Number C1000: Numeronius", it gains 100,000 ATK/DEF during your opponent\'s turn only, also apply the following starting from the next turn after it was Special Summoned.\r\n● Your opponent\'s monsters must attack this card, if able.\r\n● At the end of your opponent\'s turn, if this card did not battle this turn, you win the Duel.\r\nWhen an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 material from this card; negate the attack, and if you do, gain LP equal to that monster\'s ATK.')
('Gusto Griffin', 'If this card is sent from the hand to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Gusto" monster from your Deck. You can only use the effect of "Gusto Griffin" once per turn.')
('Naturia Rock', 'When a Trap Card is activated, you can send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Malice Doll of Demise', 'During your next Standby Phase after this card was sent from the field to the Graveyard by the effect of a Continuous Spell Card: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Earth Effigy', 'This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of an EARTH Normal Monster.')
('Evilswarm Heliotrope', '.ytilaer a maerd rieht ekam thgim yeht taht os ydob a rof gninraey ,sluos mrawsleetS gniregnil fo sthguoht eht era esehT "!etanimretxE !etacidarE !etanimilE"')
('The Ultimate Creature of Destruction', 'Target 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster you control; this turn, that face-up monster is unaffected by card effects, except its own, it cannot be destroyed by battle, also any opponent\'s monster it battles is destroyed at the end of the Damage Step. While this card is in your GY, if you Normal or Special Summon a "Blue-Eyes White Dragon": You can Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "The Ultimate Creature of Destruction" once per turn.')
('Battlewasp - Ballista the Armageddon', "1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can banish all Insect monsters from your GY; all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 500 ATK/DEF for each of your banished Insect monsters. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If this Synchro Summoned card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 3 of your banished Level 11 or lower Insect monsters.")
('Earthbound Linewalker', '"Earthbound Immortal" monsters cannot be destroyed by their own effects.')
('Sea Dragon Lord Gishilnodon', "1 Tuner + 1 Level 3 non-Tuner monster\r\nWhen a face-up Level 3 or lower monster on the field is sent to the Graveyard, this card's ATK becomes 3000 until the End Phase of this turn.")
('Dark Spirit of Banishment', 'If your opponent\'s monster attacks, at the start of the Damage Step: You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 Level 8 Fiend monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated, and if you do, change the attack target to it and perform damage calculation. If a Level 8 Fiend monster(s) is sent to your GY while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Dark Spirit of Banishment" once per turn.')
('Predaplant Heliamphorhynchus', 'If your opponent controls a monster with a Predator Counter: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card: You can target 1 DARK Dragon or 1 DARK Plant monster in your GY, except "Predaplant Heliamphorhynchus"; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Predaplant Heliamphorhynchus" once per turn.')
('Rebellion', 'During either player\'s Battle Phase: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the end of the Battle Phase, also other monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Rebellion" per turn.')
('Inzektor Exa-Beetle', "2 Level 6 monsters\nWhen this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 monster in either player's Graveyard; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK and DEF equal to half the original ATK and DEF of the monster equipped by this effect. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up card on each side of the field; send those targets to the Graveyard.")
('Infernoid Pirmais', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Infernoid" monster from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card on the field; shuffle it into the Deck. That card cannot be activated in response to this effect\'s activation. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent\'s Graveyard; banish it (this is a Quick Effect).')
("Hard-sellin' Zombie", "Each time a monster you control inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, select 1 card from your opponent's Graveyard and return it to the bottom of their Deck.")
('Igknight Reload', 'Reveal any number of Pendulum Monsters from your hand and shuffle them into the Deck, then draw cards equal to the number of cards you shuffled into the Deck +1. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot draw cards by card effects. You can only activate 1 "Igknight Reload" per turn.')
('Worm Dimikles', 'FLIP: This card gains 300 ATK and DEF.')
("Magician's Left Hand", "Negate the effect of your opponent's first Trap Card or effect that resolves each turn while you control a Spellcaster monster, and if you do, destroy that card.")
('Evolzar Laggia', "2 Level 4 Dinosaur-Type monsters\nDuring either player's turn, when a monster(s) would be Normal or Special Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.")
('Infinite Cards', "There is no limit to the number of cards in players' hands.")
('Tiki Soul', "Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Rock-Type/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1800). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) While this card is an Effect Monster, if another Trap Card you control that is a monster would be destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard, you can Set it in the Spell & Trap Card Zone instead.")
('Noble Knight Joan', "If this card attacks, it loses 300 ATK during the Damage Step only. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard then target 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.")
('Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer', '2 Level 4 monsters\nYou can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position. You can detach 2 materials from this card, then target 1 other face-up card on the field; shuffle it into the Deck. You can only use 1 "Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Virtual World Shell - Jaja', "2+ Level 3 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle until the end of your opponent's turn. Once per turn, after damage calculation, if this card battled an opponent's monster, while you have 2 or more monsters in your GY with the same original Type and Attribute as each other: You can banish that opponent's monster.")
('Chamberlain of the Six Samurai', 'The Six Samurai are supported from the shadows by this silent and mysterious warrior. His past is unknown to them, but his countless scars are proof of his experience.')
('XZ-Tank Cannon', '"X-Head Cannon" + "Z-Metal Tank"\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-down Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Little Trooper', 'If this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.')
('Twin-Shield Defender', 'When this card you control is destroyed by battle and sent to your Graveyard, you can halve the current ATK of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, until the End Phase.')
('Pulling the Rug', 'Negate the activation and effect of an Effect Monster whose effect activated when a monster was Normal Summoned (even itself), and destroy that Effect Monster.')
('Rank-Up-Magic Admiration of the Thousands', 'Target 1 or more Xyz Monsters in each Graveyard, all of the same Rank; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" or "CXyz" monster that is 1 Rank higher than those monsters, and attach those monsters to it as Xyz Materials. You cannot Special Summon other monsters during the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Rank-Up-Magic Admiration of the Thousands" per turn.')
("HERO's Bond", 'If there is a face-up "HERO" monster on the field: Special Summon 2 Level 4 or lower "Elemental HERO" monsters from your hand.')
('Extra-Foolish Burial', 'Pay half your LP; send 1 monster from your Extra Deck to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Extra-Foolish Burial" per turn. You cannot Set Spells/Traps during the turn you activate this card.')
('Twilight Ninja Nichirin, the Chunin', 'Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can discard 1 "Ninja" monster, then activate 1 of these effects;\n● This turn, "Ninja" monsters and "Ninjitsu Art" cards you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.\n● 1 "Ninja" monster you control gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Tanngnjostr of the Nordic Beasts', 'When a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, when this Defense Position card on the field is changed to face-up Attack Position: You can Special Summon 1 "Nordic Beast" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Tanngnjostr of the Nordic Beasts".')
('Mysterious Guard', 'FLIP: Target 1 face-up monster on the field, and if you control a face-up Warrior-Type monster, you can target 1 additional face-up monster on the field; return the first target to the top of the Deck, then return the additional target (if any) to the hand if you still control a face-up Warrior-Type monster.')
('Caam, Serenity of Gusto', 'Once per turn: You can shuffle 2 "Gusto" monsters from your Graveyard into the Main Deck; draw 1 card.')
('Interdimensional Warp', 'Select a monster you control and a monster with an A-Counter(s) your opponent controls. Switch control of those monsters.')
("It's My Lucky Day!", '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill..]\r\n\r\nWhen you activate an effect that would make you roll a six-sided die (or dice) or flip a coin(s), you can pay 1000 LP to decide the result of 1 die or coin. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.')
('Archfiend Black Skull Dragon', '1 Level 6 "Archfiend" Normal Monster + 1 "Red-Eyes" Normal Monster\nYou can only Special Summon "Archfiend Black Skull Dragon(s)" once per turn. If this card battles, your opponent\'s cards and effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step. If damage calculation is performed involving this Fusion Summoned card, at the end of the Battle Phase: You can target 1 "Red-Eyes" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; inflict damage to your opponent equal to its ATK in the Graveyard, then shuffle it into the Deck.')
('Constellar Antares', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Constellar" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Fortune Lady Calling', 'If you control a "Fortune Lady" monster: Special Summon 1 "Fortune Lady" monster from your Deck with a different name from the cards you control, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Synchro Monsters. You can only activate 1 "Fortune Lady Calling" per turn.')
('Daruma Dropper', '(Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from an Xyz Monster you control, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0 until the end of this turn. If an Xyz Monster you control would activate an effect by detaching material(s), except the turn this card was sent to the GY, you can banish this card from your GY instead of 1 of those materials. You can only use each effect of "Daruma Dropper" once per turn.')
('Grisaille Prison', "If you control a face-up monster that was Tribute, Ritual, or Fusion Summoned: Until the end of your opponent's next turn, neither player can Synchro or Xyz Summon, Synchro and Xyz Monsters cannot attack, also their effects are negated.")
('Silverrokket Dragon', 'When a Link Monster\'s effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then look at your opponent\'s Extra Deck and banish 1 card from it. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Silverrokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Silverrokket Dragon" once per turn.')
('Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1', 'A dragon commonly found guarding mountain fortresses. Its signature attack is a sweeping dive from out of the blue.')
('Tyhone #2', 'A crimson dragon that spits fireballs to create a blazing sea of fire.')
('Triamid Pulse', 'Once per turn: You can banish 2 cards from your Graveyard (any combination of Rock-Type monsters or Field Spell Cards), then activate 1 of these effects;\n● Target 1 other face-up card on the field; destroy it.\n● Target 1 Rock-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position.\n● Target up to 3 Field Spell Cards in your Graveyard; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card.')
('Glowing Crossbow', 'Equip only to a "Blackwing" monster. It gains 500 ATK/DEF. You can only use each of the following effects of "Glowing Crossbow" once per turn.\n● If the equipped monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can discard 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand.\n● If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster was used as a Synchro Material: You can add this card from the GY to your hand.')
('Cyber Dragon Vier', 'This card\'s name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while on the field or in the GY. If you Normal or Special Summon "Cyber Dragon", except during the Damage Step: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Cyber Dragon Vier" once per turn. Each "Cyber Dragon" you control gains 500 ATK/DEF.')
('Mirror Wall', "Each of your opponent's monsters that conducted an attack while this card was face-up on the field has its ATK halved as long as this card remains on the field. During each of your Standby Phases, pay 2000 LP or destroy this card.")
('Fairy King Albverdich', '2 Level 4 EARTH monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; all non-EARTH monsters currently on the field lose 500 ATK and DEF.')
('Psychic Path', 'Pay 800 Life Points and select up to 2 of your removed from play Psychic-Type monsters. Add them to your hand.')
('Happy Lover', 'Enemies become overjoyed when struck by the Heart Ray emitted from the forehead of this tiny cherub.')
('Fuhma Shuriken', 'Equip only to a "Ninja" monster. It gains 700 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Inflict 700 damage to your opponent.')
('Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth', 'When another face-up "Crystal Beast" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can make this card the attack target instead. If this face-up card is destroyed while it is in a Monster Card Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.')
('Resonator Engine', 'Target 2 "Resonator" monsters in your Graveyard; add 1 Level 4 monster from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, return those targets to the Deck.')
('Silent Graveyard', 'Discard 1 card; effects that activate in the GY this turn are negated.')
('Neos Wiseman', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 1 face-up "Elemental HERO Neos" and 1 face-up "Yubel" you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by card effects. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled an opponent\'s monster: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the monster it battled, and you gain Life Points equal to that monster\'s DEF.')
('Tyrant Farm', 'Tribute 1 Effect Monster; Special Summon 1 non-Effect Monster with the same original Type/Attribute from your GY. You can only activate 1 "Tyrant Farm" per turn.')
('Garbage Lord', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by paying 2000 Life Points. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a DARK monster.')
('CXyz Battleship Cherry Blossom', '4 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn, during your opponent\'s End Phase, if your opponent has more cards in their hand than you do: They discard 1 card. If this card has "Battlecruiser Dianthus" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card on the field. You can only use this effect of "CXyz Battleship Cherry Blossom" once per turn.')
('Metabo-Shark', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 2 Fish-Type monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle those targets into your Deck.')
('Elemental Grace Doriado', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 6 or more monsters with different Attributes in the GYs. Gains ATK/DEF equal to the number of different Attributes in the GYs x 500. When your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s) (Quick Effect): You can banish 3 monsters from your GY; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).')
('Allure Queen LV7', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Allure Queen LV5", you can select 1 monster on your opponent\'s side of the field and equip it to this card. (Only 1 card at a time can be equipped due to this effect.) If this card would be destroyed by battle, the equipped monster is destroyed instead.')
('Genex Worker', 'You can Tribute this card to Special Summon 1 "Genex" monster from your hand.')
('Big Whale', 'When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 3 Level 3 WATER monsters from your Deck. Their effects are negated.')
('Offering to the Snake Deity', 'Target 1 face-up Reptile-Type monster you control and 2 cards your opponent controls; destroy all three targets.')
('Heavy Forward', 'When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Infinitrack" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can target 1 Machine Xyz Monster you control, then activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Change its battle position.\r\n● Attach this card to it as material.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Heavy Forward" per turn.')
('Meteor of Destruction', "If your opponent's Life Points are higher than 3000: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.")
('Angel O7', 'When this card is Tribute Summoned, it gains the following effect: ● The effects of Effect Monsters cannot be activated.')
('Sunvine Healer', '1 Plant Normal Monster\r\nIf a "Sunavalon" Link Monster(s) you control leaves the field by card effect: Destroy this card. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Sunavalon" Link Monster on the field; gain LP equal to its Link Rating x 300. When your Plant Link Monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can gain 600 LP.')
('Dragon Mastery', 'Each monster you control that is equipped with a "Dragunity" monster(s) gains 500 ATK. Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up monster you control, and equip it with 1 Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster from your hand.')
('Performapal Bot-Eyes Lizard', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can send 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard; this card\'s name becomes the sent monster\'s original name, until the End Phase.')
('Legacy of the Duelist', 'When your monster declares an attack: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; negate the attack, and if you do, destroy that card. Each player can only Set 1 Spell/Trap Card from their hand per turn. Monsters cannot attack the turn they were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. During your Draw Phase, before your draw: You can give up your normal draw this turn, and if you do, add 1 monster from your Graveyard to your hand.')
('Draco Face-Off', 'Reveal 1 "Dracoslayer" Pendulum Monster and 1 "Dracoverlord" Pendulum Monster from your Deck, your opponent randomly picks 1 of them for you to place in your Pendulum Zone or Special Summon (your choice), and you add the other card to your Extra Deck face-up. You can only activate 1 "Draco Face-Off" per turn.')
('Jar Robber', 'You can only activate this card when "Pot of Greed" is activated. Negate the effect of the "Pot of Greed" and draw 1 card from your Deck.')
('Altergeist Dragvirion', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nWhen an opponent\'s Special Summoned monster declares an attack: You can return 1 "Altergeist" monster you control to the hand; negate that attack. If this card is Tributed and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Dragvirion" once per turn.')
('Stop Defense', "Select 1 Defense Position monster on your opponent's side of the field and change it to Attack Position.")
('Dicephoon', 'Roll a six-sided die and apply the result.\n● 2, 3, or 4: Destroy 1 Spell/Trap on the field.\n● 5: Destroy 2 Spells/Traps on the field.\n● 1 or 6: You take 1000 damage.')
('Guardian of the Golden Land', 'Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Zombie/LIGHT/Level 8/ATK 800/DEF 2500) (this card is also still a Trap), then, if you control "Eldlich the Golden Lord", you can make the ATK of 1 face-up monster on the field become 0. During the End Phase: You can banish this card from your GY; Set 1 "Eldlixir" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck. You can only use 1 "Guardian of the Golden Land" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Swap Cleric', 'If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material: You can have that Link Monster lose 500 ATK, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Swap Cleric" once per turn.')
('Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor', '2 Level 5 or higher "Gladiator Beast" monsters\r\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor", ignoring its Summoning conditions. At the end of the Battle Phase, if your "Gladiator Beast" monster battled: You can shuffle that monster into the Deck or Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck.')
('Black Skull Dragon', '"Summoned Skull" + "Red-Eyes Black Dragon"\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)')
('Fusion Reserve', 'Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck, add 1 of the Fusion Materials whose name is specifically listed on that card from your Deck to your hand, then you can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Graveyard to your hand.')
('Harvest Angel of Wisdom', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can target 1 Counter Trap in your GY; add it to your hand.')
('Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if a face-up "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can destroy 1 card in your Pendulum Zone, and if you do, place 1 face-up "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck in your Pendulum Zone, except "Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon".\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nDuring either player\'s turn, while an "Odd-Eyes" card is in your Pendulum Zone: You can target 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster you control; the first time it would be destroyed by battle or card effect this turn, it is not destroyed. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon" once per turn.')
('Kuriboh', "During damage calculation, if your opponent's monster attacks (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; you take no battle damage from that battle.")
('Silent Psychic Wizard', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard; banish that target. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Special Summon that monster banished by this effect.')
('Limiter Overload', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Speed Warrior" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.')
('Gandora Giga Rays the Dragon of Destruction', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 2 other monsters from your hand and/or field to the Graveyard. This card gains 300 ATK for each banished card. Once per turn: You can pay half your LP; apply this effect, depending on the number of "Gandora" monsters with different names in your Graveyard.\n● 1: Destroy all other cards on the field.\n● 2: Banish all other cards on the field.\n● 3 or more: Banish all other cards on the field and in the Graveyards.')
('Meklord Army of Skiel', 'This card gains 200 ATK for each "Meklord" monster on the field, except this card. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Meklord Army" monster from your Deck.')
('The Fabled Chawa', 'During your Main Phase, you can discard 1 "Fabled" monster and Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Aquaactress Guppy', 'Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Aquaactress" monster from your hand.')
('Different Dimension Encounter', 'If both players have at least 1 banished monster that can be Special Summoned: Each player Special Summons 1 of their banished monsters in face-down Defense Position.')
('Predaplant Darlingtonia Cobra', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Predaplant" monster: You can add 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Darlingtonia Cobra" once per Duel.')
('Dark Prisoner', 'This monster bends light to hide its image from the eyes of opponents.')
('Alich, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss', 'If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Alich, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; negate its effects until the end of this turn.')
('Relinkuriboh', 'If this card is Tributed: Draw 1 card. If your monster would be destroyed by battle, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('Armed Dragon Catapult Cannon', '"VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon" + "Armed Dragon LV7"\r\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) during a Duel you Special Summoned both the above cards, by banishing the above cards from your field and/or GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects with the same name as any banished card. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 card from your Deck or Extra Deck, face-up; banish all cards your opponent controls and in their GY.')
('Foolish Return', "Select 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard. Return it to the Deck.")
('The Sanctuary in the Sky', 'Battle damage to the controller of a Fairy monster from a battle involving that monster becomes 0.')
('Escalation of the Monarchs', "Once per turn, during your opponent's Main Phase or your opponent's Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Tribute Summon 1 monster.")
('Red-Eyes Alternative Black Dragon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Red-Eyes" monster from your hand or field. You can only Special Summon "Red-Eyes Alternative Black Dragon" once per turn this way. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can target 1 Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster in your GY, except "Red-Eyes Alternative Black Dragon"; Special Summon it, and if it was a "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" that was Special Summoned, its original ATK becomes doubled.')
('Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja', 'When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Your opponent must discard 2 random cards. Your opponent must have at least 5 cards in their hand for you to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Molten Destruction', 'All FIRE monsters gain 500 ATK and lose 400 DEF.')
('Maju Garzett', 'The ATK of this card becomes equal to the combined original ATK of the 2 monsters you Tributed for the Tribute Summon of this card.')
('Formula Synchron', "1 Tuner + 1 non-Tuner monster\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can draw 1 card. Once per Chain, during your opponent's Main Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control.")
('Lightray Madoor', 'If 3 or more of your LIGHT monsters are banished, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('SPYRAL Super Agent', 'If this card is in your hand: You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); reveal the top card of your opponent\'s Deck, and if you do, Special Summon this card if it is a card of that type. If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "SPYRAL" card: You can target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "SPYRAL Super Agent" once per turn.')
('Guardian of the Throne Room', 'A robot guard built to protect throne rooms, it is armed with homing missiles.')
('Gladiator Beast Gaiodiaz', '"Gladiator Beast Spartacus" + 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster\nThis card can only be Special Summoned from your Extra Deck, by returning the above cards you control to the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the DEF of the destroyed monster. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Extra Deck to Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Spartacus".')
('Future Samurai', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can banish 1 monster from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('The Eye of Truth', "Your opponent must keep their hand revealed. Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase, if they have a Spell(s) in their hand: They gain 1000 LP if they have a Spell(s) in their hand at resolution.")
('Lullaby of Obedience', 'Pay 2000 LP and declare 1 Monster Card name; your opponent looks at their Deck, reveals 1 of the declared monsters if there is any, and chooses 1 of these effects to be applied.\r\n● The declared monster is added to the hand of the player who activated this card.\r\n● The player who activated this card Special Summons the declared monster to their field in Attack Position, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Junk Converter', 'You can discard this card and 1 Tuner; add 1 "Synchron" monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is sent to the GY as Synchro Material: You can target 1 Tuner in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but it cannot activate its effects this turn. You can only use each effect of "Junk Converter" once per turn.')
('Superheavy Samurai Helper', 'During damage calculation, if your Defense Position monster battles an opponent\'s monster while you have no Spells/Traps in your GY (Quick Effect): You can discard this card, then target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control other than the battling monster; your battling monster gains DEF equal to that monster\'s DEF, during that damage calculation only. When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.')
('Thunder Short', 'Inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each monster they control.')
('Wolf', "Dis alpha wolf yoozes his sense a smell ta find da enemy. 'ey, quit sniffin at my socks!")
('Cyber Shield', 'Equip only to "Harpie Lady" or "Harpie Lady Sisters". It gains 500 ATK.')
('Malicevorous Spoon', 'When a "Malicevorous" monster with a different name is Normal or Special Summoned to your side of the field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Level 2 Fiend-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. Its effects are negated. You can only use the effect of "Malicevorous Spoon" once per turn.')
('Reverse Buster', 'This card can only attack face-down Defense Position monsters. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card attacked a face-down Defense Position monster, at the start of the Damage Step: You can destroy that face-down monster.')
('Raidraptor - Stranger Falcon', '2 Level 5 monsters\nIf this card has an Xyz Monster as Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal its original ATK.\nIf this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster in your Graveyard, except "Raidraptor - Stranger Falcon"; Special Summon it, and if you do, attach this card to it as Xyz Material.')
('Earthbound Whirlwind', 'If you control an "Earthbound Immortal" monster: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.')
('Lava Battleguard', 'This card gains 500 ATK for each "Swamp Battleguard" you control.')
('Molten Behemoth', 'A giant born from magma, it attacks with a magma punch.')
('Treasure Panda', 'You can banish up to 3 Spells/Traps from your GY face-down; Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your Deck, whose Level equals the number of cards banished to activate this effect.')
('Unknown Warrior of Fiend', "The speed of this warrior creates an intense vacuum that can slice through a monster's hide.")
('Nurse Dragonmaid', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Dragonmaid" monster in your GY, except "Nurse Dragonmaid"; Special Summon it. At the start of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 7 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Nurse Dragonmaid" once per turn.')
('Prank-Kids Fansies', 'If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Fusion or Link Summon of a "Prank-Kids" monster: You can send 1 "Prank-Kids" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Prank-Kids Fansies", then you can Special Summon 1 "Prank-Kids" monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position, except "Prank-Kids Fansies". You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Fansies" once per turn.')
('Dinomist Plesios', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated card effect that targets another "Dinomist" card(s) you control, then destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nAll face-up monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK and DEF for each "Dinomist" card you control.')
('Witchcrafter Unveiling', 'Special Summon 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your hand, and if you do, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of your Spellcaster monster effects for the rest of this turn. During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "Witchcrafter Unveiling" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn', 'During your Main Phase: You can send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY, then if any "Lightsworn" monsters were sent to the GY by this effect, this card gains 200 ATK until the end of your opponent\'s turn. You can only use this effect of "Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn" once per turn. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY.')
('Spirit Caller', 'FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Normal Monster from your Graveyard to your side of the field.')
('The Resolute Meklord Army', 'All Attack Position "Meklord Army" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, also their effects are negated.')
('Yokotuner', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Tuner from your hand or Graveyard, but it has its effects negated.')
('Inherited Fortune', 'Activate during the turn a face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control was destroyed. Special Summon up to 2 "Fortune Lady" monsters from your hand during your next Standby Phase.')
('Reed Butterfly', 'If your opponent controls a face-up Synchro Monster(s) and you control no face-up Synchro Monsters, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Prohibit Snake', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if your Cyberse Link Monster battles an opponent\'s monster: You can send this card from your hand to the GY; return that opponent\'s monster to the hand. When your Cyberse monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the GY, while this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 card from your GY, then target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Prohibit Snake" once per turn.')
('Galaxy-Eyes Solflare Dragon', '2 LIGHT monsters, including a monster with 2000 or more ATK\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. During your opponent\'s Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 "Photon" card and 1 "Galaxy" card, OR discard 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon", then target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Solflare Dragon" once per turn.')
('Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 2 "Cubic" monsters you control to the Graveyard. If Summoned this way, this card gains 1600 ATK. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: You can target up to 3 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" in your Graveyard; send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon them, then you can add 1 "Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Warlock of the Ice Barrier', 'While you control another face-up "Ice Barrier" monster, both players must Set Spell Cards before activating them, and cannot activate them until their next turn.')
('Mudragon of the Swamp', '2 monsters with the same Attribute but different Types\r\nYour opponent cannot target this card, or monsters on the field with the same Attribute as this card, with card effects. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can declare 1 Attribute; this card becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn.')
('Kagemucha Knight', 'When you Normal Summon a Level 3 monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Cannot be used as Synchro Material.')
('Parallel Panzer', 'Equip only to a Link Monster. Once per turn: You can move the equipped monster to a Main Monster Zone it points to on its controller\'s field. You can send this Equip Card to the GY; destroy 1 card in the same column as the monster that was equipped with this card. You can only use this effect of "Parallel Panzer" once per turn.')
('Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer', 'You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. If it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer".')
('Meklord Astro Dragon Triskelion', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 3 "Meklord" monsters with different names from your GY. Once per turn, when this card declares an attack: You can look at your opponent\'s Extra Deck and equip 1 monster from it to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of those equipped monsters. While equipped with a Synchro Monster, this card can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.')
('Dream Mirror of Chaos', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Dream Mirror" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Material. If "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone, you can also use monsters in your hand as Fusion Material. If "Dream Mirror of Terror" is in a Field Zone, you can also banish monsters from your GY as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Dream Mirror of Chaos" per turn.')
('Fire Flint Lady', 'If you control a Warrior monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can send this card you control to the GY; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior monster from your hand, and if you do, your opponent cannot target it with card effects this turn. You can only use each effect of "Fire Flint Lady" once per turn.')
('Conquistador of the Golden Land', 'Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Zombie/LIGHT/Level 5/ATK 500/DEF 1800) (this card is also still a Trap), then, if you control "Eldlich the Golden Lord", you can destroy 1 face-up card on the field. During the End Phase: You can banish this card from your GY; Set 1 "Eldlixir" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck. You can only use 1 "Conquistador of the Golden Land" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Luna the Dark Spirit', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 DARK monster from your GY. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Electromagnetic Bagworm', 'FLIP: Target 1 Machine-Type monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until your next End Phase.\nIf this card is destroyed by battle: The monster that destroyed it loses 500 ATK and DEF.')
('Spirit of the Breeze', 'As long as this card remains in face-up Attack Position on your side of the field, increase your Life Points by 1000 points during each of your Standby Phases.')
('World Legacy Succession', 'Target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy Succession" per turn.')
('Cross Porter', 'You can send 1 monster you control to the Graveyard and Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster from your hand. When this card is sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Awakening of Nephthys', 'All "Nephthys" monsters you control gain 300 ATK. If this face-up card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Nephthys" monster from your hand, Deck, or GY, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Awakening of Nephthys" once per turn.')
('Commander Covington', 'You can send 1 face-up "Machina Soldier", "Machina Sniper", and "Machina Defender" you control to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Machina Force" from your hand or Deck.')
('Mad Dog of Darkness', 'He used to be a normal dog who played around in a park, but was corrupted by the powers of darkness.')
('Shadow Tamer', '(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)\nFLIP: Target 1 Fiend-Type monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase.')
('Number 47: Nightmare Shark', '2 Level 3 monsters\nWhen this card is Special Summoned: You can attach 1 Level 3 WATER monster from your hand or your side of the field to this card as an Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 WATER monster you control; this turn, that monster can attack your opponent directly, also other monsters cannot attack.')
('Genex Ally Crusher', 'Once per turn, when a monster with the same Attribute as this card is Normal Summoned to your side of the field, you can select 1 card your opponent controls, and destroy it.')
('Performapal Salutiger', 'When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Performapal" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Salutiger" once per turn.')
("Qlife's End", 'Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 1000). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) During the turn this card was Summoned this way, "Qli" Spell/Trap Cards you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If Summoned this way, this card can be treated as 3 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of an "Apoqliphort" monster.')
('Torque Tune Gear', 'Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card is treated as a Tuner, it gains 500 ATK/DEF, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.')
('Thousand-Eyes Restrict', '"Relinquished" + "Thousand-Eyes Idol"\r\nOther monsters on the field cannot change their battle positions or attack. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card (max. 1). This card\'s ATK/DEF become equal to that equipped monster\'s. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy that equipped monster instead.')
('Pendulum Machine', 'A horrible torture machine with a large pendulum blade.')
("Snake Deity's Command", 'Activate by showing your opponent 1 "Venom" monster in your hand. Negate the activation and effect of an opponent\'s Spell Card, and destroy it.')
('Automatic Laser', 'When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) with 1000 or more ATK, reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" in your hand to activate this card. Destroy that Summoned monster(s).')
('Miniborrel Dragon', '2 "Rokket" monsters\r\nIf you control a "Borrel" Link Monster while this card is in your GY: You can Tribute 1 Link-3 or lower monster; Special Summon this card, but it cannot be used as material for the Link Summon of a monster with the same Link Rating as the Tributed monster. You can only use this effect of "Miniborrel Dragon" once per turn.')
('Dragunity Knight - Ascalon', '1 "Dragunity" Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nYou can banish 1 "Dragunity" monster from your GY, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it. If this Synchro Summoned card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can Special Summon 1 "Dragunity" Synchro Monster with 3000 or less ATK from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Synchro Summon.) You can only use this effect of "Dragunity Knight - Ascalon" once per turn.')
('Edge Imp Saw', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Fluffal" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards, then place 1 card from your hand on either the top or bottom of your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Edge Imp Saw" once per turn.')
('Stargazer Magician', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf a Pendulum Monster you control battles, your opponent cannot activate Spell Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Unless you have a "Magician" card or "Odd-Eyes" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card\'s Pendulum Scale becomes 4.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when exactly 1 other Pendulum Monster you control (and no other cards) is returned to your hand by an opponent\'s card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand with the same name as that returned to the hand.')
('Aquamirror Meditation', 'Reveal 1 Ritual Spell Card in your hand to target 2 "Gishki" monsters in your Graveyard; return them to the hand.')
('Rope of Life', 'When a monster(s) is destroyed by battle and sent to your GY: Discard your entire hand (min.1), then target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon it, and if you do, it gains 800 ATK.')
('Trickstar Mandrake', 'If this card is sent from the hand to the GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Trickstar" monster: You can target 1 monster an opponent\'s Link Monster points to; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Trickstar Mandrake" once per turn.')
("Gravekeeper's Oracle", 'You can Tribute 3 monsters or 1 "Gravekeeper\'s" monster to Tribute Summon (but not Set) this card. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can activate any of these effects, and resolve in sequence, up to the number of "Gravekeeper\'s" monsters Tributed for its Summon;\n● This card gains ATK equal to the combined Levels that all monsters Tributed for its Tribute Summon had on the field x 100.\n● Destroy all Set monsters your opponent controls.\n● All monsters your opponent currently controls lose 2000 ATK/DEF.')
('Solemn Authority', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 "Aesir" monster you control; it cannot be targeted by other card effects while this card is on the field. Send this card to the GY during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation.')
('Mine Mole', "Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material Monster of a Beast-Type monster, draw 1 card. If this card is removed from the field by your opponent's card effect, remove this card from play.")
('Eidos the Underworld Squire', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: During your Main Phase this turn, you can Tribute Summon 1 monster, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster with 800 ATK and 1000 DEF in your Graveyard, except "Eidos the Underworld Squire"; Special Summon it in Defense Position, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Eidos the Underworld Squire" once per turn.')
('Graceful Tear', "Add 1 card from your hand to your opponent's hand, then gain 2000 LP.")
('Supreme Arcanite Magician', '1 Spellcaster-Type Synchro Monster + 1 Spellcaster-Type monster\nThis monster can only be Special Summoned by Fusion Summon (from the Extra Deck). When this card is Fusion Summoned, place 2 Spell Counters on it. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. Once per turn, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from your side of the field to activate 1 of the following effects: ● Select 1 card on the field, and destroy it. ● Draw 1 card.')
('Vampire Kingdom', 'Zombie-Type monsters gain 500 ATK during damage calculation only. Once per turn, when a card(s) is sent from your opponent\'s Deck to the Graveyard: Target 1 card on the field; send 1 DARK "Vampire" monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, destroy that target.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Bergzak", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Warrior-Type monster in your hand. If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.')
('Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon', '2 Level 8 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; monsters you control cannot attack your opponent directly for the rest of this turn, except this card, also take control of the targeted monster until the End Phase, but while this effect is applied, it has its effects negated, its ATK becomes 3000, also its name becomes "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon".')
('Prometeor, the Burning Star', "When this attacking card destroys a monster in your opponent's Main Monster Zone: You can discard 1 card; this card can attack again in a row, also the zone that monster was in cannot be used until the end of the next turn.")
('Swift Samurai Storm!', 'Each turn, after the first time a "Six Samurai" monster you control battles, all "Six Samurai" monsters you control gain 300 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Sabre Hawk', 'This card cannot attack your opponent directly. If you have a monster in your Graveyard that is not a "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster, this card cannot attack. This card\'s Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Token, then target 1 card in either player\'s Graveyard; banish that target.')
('Ectoplasmer', "Once per turn, during each player's End Phase: The turn player must Tribute 1 face-up monster, and if they do, inflict damage to their opponent equal to half the original ATK of the Tributed monster.")
('Witchcrafter Patronus', 'You can target 1 of your Spellcaster monsters that is banished or in your GY; shuffle it into the Deck, and if you do, add 1 "Witchcrafter" Spell from your Deck to your hand. If this card is in your GY, except the turn it was sent there: You can banish this card, then target any number of your banished "Witchcrafter" Spells with different names; add them to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Patronus" once per turn.')
('Shadowslayer', 'If all monsters your opponent controls are in Defense Position, this card can attack your opponent directly.')
('Vampire Sucker', '2 Zombie monsters\r\nIf you would Tribute a monster(s) for a Tribute Summon, you can Tribute a Zombie monster(s) your opponent controls, even though you do not control them. You can only use each of the following effects of "Vampire Sucker" once per turn.\r\n● You can target 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; Special Summon it to your opponent\'s field in Defense Position, but it becomes a Zombie monster.\r\n● If a Zombie monster(s) is Special Summoned from either GY: Draw 1 card.')
('BM-4 Blast Spider', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 DARK Machine monster you control and 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy them. If a monster you control that was originally a DARK Machine destroys an opponent\'s monster(s) by battle or card effect and sends it to the GY: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the original ATK of 1 of those monster(s) destroyed and sent to the GY. You can only use this effect of "BM-4 Blast Spider" once per turn.')
('Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon', '"Dark Magician" + "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" or 1 Dragon Effect Monster\r\nNeither player can target or destroy this card with card effects. During your Main Phase: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster\'s original ATK. This effect can be used a number of times per turn, up to the number of Normal Monsters used as Fusion Material for this card\'s Summon. Once per turn, when a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, and if you do that, this card gains 1000 ATK.')
('Laval Miller', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can send 2 "Laval" monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Danger! Thunderbird!', 'You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger! Thunderbird!", Special Summon 1 "Danger! Thunderbird!" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can target 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Danger! Thunderbird!" once per turn.')
('Endymion, the Magistus of Mastery', 'You can target 1 "Magistus" monster you control; equip it with 1 "Magistus" monster from your Extra Deck. You can target 1 face-up Spell you control; destroy it, and if you do, draw 1 card, then place 1 card from your hand on the bottom of the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Endymion, the Magistus of Mastery" once per turn.')
('Photon Pirate', 'You can banish 1 "Photon" monster from your Graveyard; this card gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase. You can use the effect of "Photon Pirate" up to twice per turn.')
('Genex Controller', 'As a master of all powers and elements, this is one of the few Genex monsters that can communicate with its companions.')
('Soldier Dragons', 'Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Dragon monster from your Deck.')
('Celtic Guard of Noble Arms', 'Cannot attack while you have any cards in your hand. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Celtic Guard" monster from your hand. When this attacking card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can draw cards equal to the number of "Celtic Guard" monsters you control.')
('Mass Driver', "Tribute 1 monster on your side of the field to inflict 400 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.")
('Power Tool Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn: You can reveal 3 Equip Spell Cards from your Deck, then your opponent randomly adds 1 of them to your hand, and you shuffle the rest back into your Deck. If this card would be destroyed while equipped with an Equip Spell Card(s), you can send 1 of those cards to the Graveyard instead.')
('Grappler Angler', 'When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: You can target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position.')
("World Legacy's Mind Meld", 'When an opponent\'s monster activates its effect while you control a "Krawler" monster: The activated effect becomes "return 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to the hand". You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Link Monster on the field; Special Summon 1 "Krawler" monster from your hand, Deck, or GY to your zone the target points to, in face-down Defense Position. You can only use 1 "World Legacy\'s Mind Meld" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Crawling Dragon', 'This weakened dragon can no longer fly, but is still a deadly force to be reckoned with.')
('Demotion', 'Downgrade the monster equipped with this card by 2 Levels.')
('XX-Saber Garsem', 'When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect, add 1 "X-Saber" monster from your Deck to your hand. This card gains 200 ATK for each face-up "X-Saber" monster you control.')
('Salamandra', 'Equip only to a FIRE monster. It gains 700 ATK.')
('Odd-Eyes Wizard Dragon', 'If this card is in your hand: You can Tribute 1 DARK monster; send 1 "Odd-Eyes Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or face-up field to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Deck or GY, except "Odd-Eyes Wizard Dragon", then you can add 1 "Spiral Flame Strike" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Data Acorn Token', 'This card can be used as a "Data Acorn Token".\r\n\r\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Swords at Dawn', 'Target 1 Equip Spell Card in your Graveyard and 1 appropriate monster on the field; equip the Equip Spell Card to that monster. Destroy that Equip Spell Card during the End Phase. If you activate this card, you cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Swords at Dawn" per turn.')
('Tragedy', 'When a face-up Attack Position monster(s) your opponent controls is changed to face-up Defense Position: Destroy all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls.')
('Mirror of the Ice Barrier', "During this turn, each time a card(s) is removed from play from your hand, your side of the field, and/or your Graveyard by the effect of an opponent's Effect Monster: ● If a card in your hand is removed from play, remove from play up to 2 random cards in your opponent's hand. ● If a card you control is removed from play, remove from play up to 2 cards your opponent controls. ● If a card in your Graveyard is removed from play, remove from play up to 2 cards in your opponent's Graveyard.")
('Grinder Golem', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) to your opponent\'s side of the field by Special Summoning 2 "Grinder Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in face-up Attack Position on your side of the field. If you Special Summon this monster, you cannot Normal Summon or Set a monster during the same turn.')
('Downerd Magician', '2 Level 4 Spellcaster-Type monsters\nDuring your Main Phase 2, you can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 3 or lower Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains 200 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card attacked or was attacked, after damage calculation: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card.')
('Fire Kraken', 'A squid that thrives on fire and heat.')
('Light Laser', 'Equip only to a LIGHT Warrior-Type monster. Remove from play any monsters that battle with it at the end of Damage Step.')
("Loge's Flame", 'While you control a "Valkyrie" monster, monsters your opponent controls with 2000 or less ATK cannot attack. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Valkyrie" monster from your hand or Deck.')
('Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack while you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; change the attack target to it and perform damage calculation. Once per turn, when an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can change the attack target to this card and perform damage calculation. Cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Slate Warrior', 'FLIP: This card gains 500 ATK and DEF.\nIf this card is destroyed by battle: The monster that destroyed it loses 500 ATK and DEF.')
('Fairy Tail - Luna', "When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Spellcaster monster with 1850 ATK from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; your opponent can send 1 card with that monster's name from their Deck or Extra Deck to the GY to negate this effect, otherwise return both this card and that monster to the hand.")
('Bujincarnation', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters: Target 1 "Bujin" monster in your Graveyard and 1 of your banished "Bujin" monsters; Special Summon both targets. They cannot be used as Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast-Type monster.')
('Ancient Gear Reborn', 'Once per turn, if you control no monsters: You can target 1 "Ancient Gear" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, and if you do, it gains 200 ATK (even if this card leaves the field). You can only control 1 "Ancient Gear Reborn".')
('Guardian Angel Joan', 'When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Gain Life Points equal to the original ATK of that destroyed monster in the Graveyard.')
('Dimensional Fissure', 'Any monster sent to the Graveyard is banished instead.')
('Dragonpulse Magician', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if you have a "Magician" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can discard 1 Pendulum Monster, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy it.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nThis boy magician has the gift of seeing the natural lines of energy that run through the earth, which his people call the Pulse of the Dragon. His exuberance and skill put him in high regard with his mentor, the "Dragonpit Magician".')
('Master Kyonshee', 'A wandering Kyonshee searching for a strong rival to defeat. They say he was known as the master of all martial arts.')
('Scrypton', 'You can banish 1 Cyberse monster from your GY, except "Scrypton"; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Link Summon of a Cyberse monster: You can target 1 banished monster; shuffle it into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Scrypton" once per turn.')
('Trial of Nightmare', 'This fiend passes judgment on enemies that are locked in coffins.')
('Roar of the Earthbound Immortal', 'Once per turn, if an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; destroy that target, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the destroyed monster\'s ATK. You must control an "Earthbound Immortal" monster with ATK higher than the ATK of the attacking monster to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Eva Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Zeta Reticulant".')
('Fishborg Launcher', 'If you have a monster(s) in your Graveyard other than "Fishborg Launcher", and all of them are WATER: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. If you do, banish it when it leaves the field. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a WATER monster. You can only use the effect of "Fishborg Launcher" once per turn.')
('Mischief of the Yokai', 'Each face-up monster on the field loses 2 Levels, until the End Phase. You can remove from play this card from your Graveyard to select 1 face-up monster, and reduce its Level by 1, until the End Phase. This effect cannot be activated the turn this card is sent to the Graveyard.')
('Firebird', 'Each time a Winged Beast-Type monster(s) on your side of the field is destroyed, this card gains 500 ATK.')
('Mystic Macrocarpa Seed', 'Cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of an EARTH monster. You can target 1 EARTH monster on the field; reduce its Level by 1. You can use the effect of "Mystic Macrocarpa Seed" up to twice per turn.')
('Explosive Urchin', 'Activate only when your opponent activates a Trap Card. During your Standby Phase: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. Your opponent must control a face-up Trap Card for you to activate and resolve this effect. During your 3rd End Phase after activation, send this card to the Graveyard.')
('D/D Vice Typhon', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Tribute 1 "D/D" monster; Special Summon 1 Level 7 "D/D/D" monster from your Deck. During your Main Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Level 8 or higher "D/D/D" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your GY, including this card. You can only use each effect of "D/D Vice Typhon" once per turn.')
('Drytron Eclipse', 'Target 1 "Drytron" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Drytron" monster you control; it gains 2000 ATK until the end of your opponent\'s turn. You can only use each effect of "Draitron Eclipse" once per turn.')
('Mysterious Puppeteer', 'Each time you or your opponent Normal Summons or Flip Summons a monster, increase your Life Points by 500 points.')
('Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union', '"Truckroid" + "Expressroid" + "Drillroid" + "Stealthroid"\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up non-Machine monster on the field; equip that target to this card. While equipped with a monster by this effect, this card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. If this card attacks, its original ATK is halved. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.')
('King of the Swamp', 'This card can be used as a substitute for any 1 Fusion Material whose name is specifically listed on the Fusion Monster Card, but the other Fusion Material(s) must be correct. You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Linkross', '1 Link-2 or higher Link Monster\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can activate this effect; Special Summon a number of "Link Tokens" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) up to the Link Rating of the monster used for this card\'s Link Summon, also you cannot use "Link Tokens" as Link Material for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Linkross" once per turn.')
('Hate Buster', "When a Fiend-Type monster you control is targeted for an attack: Target the opponent's attacking monster and that monster you control; destroy both targets, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the opponent's destroyed monster.")
('Synchro Barrier', 'Tribute 1 Synchro Monster you control. You do not take any damage until the End Phase of the next turn.')
('Ritual Beast Tamer Elder', 'After you Normal Summon this card, you can Normal Summon 1 "Ritual Beast" monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) You can only Special Summon "Ritual Beast Tamer Elder(s)" once per turn.')
("Hard-sellin' Goblin", "Each time a monster you control inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, return 1 card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone to its owner's hand.")
('Baby Dragon', 'Much more than just a child, this dragon is gifted with untapped power.')
('Salamangreat Gift', 'You can discard 1 "Salamangreat" monster; send 1 "Salamangreat" monster from your Deck to the GY, then draw 1 card. If you control a "Salamangreat" Link Monster that was Link Summoned using a monster with its same name as material: You can discard 1 "Salamangreat" monster; draw 2 cards. You can only use 1 "Salamangreat Gift" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Golden Ladybug', 'During your Standby Phase: You can reveal this card in your hand, and it will remain revealed until the end of this turn; gain 500 LP.')
('Ancient Gear Howitzer', '2 "Ancient Gear" monsters\r\nUnaffected by other cards\' effects. During your Main Phase: You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Ancient Gear Howitzer" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" monster from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Attack and Receive', 'You can only activate this card when you take damage to your Life Points. Inflict 700 points of damage to your opponent\'s Life Points. Also, inflict 300 points of damage to your opponent\'s Life Points for each "Attack and Receive" card in your Graveyard.')
('Draw Discharge', 'When your opponent draws a card(s) by their own card effect: Look at those cards, and if any are monsters, inflict damage to your opponent equal to their combined ATK, and if you do that, banish all cards you looked at. You can only activate 1 "Draw Discharge" per turn.')
('Zeman the Ape King', "1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner Beast-Type monster\nIf this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. When an opponent's monster declares an attack, you can select that monster and send 1 monster from your hand or your side of the field to the Graveyard to negate the attack.")
('The Claw of Hermos', '(This card is also always treated as "Legendary Dragon Hermos".)\r\nSend 1 monster from your hand or field to the GY, of the Type that is listed on a Fusion Monster that can only be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos" (if that card is Set, reveal it), then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "The Claw of Hermos" per turn.')
('Seismic Shockwave', "Destroy this card during your 3rd Standby Phase after activation. Activate this card when a face-up Dinosaur-Type monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): Choose 3 of your opponent's unused Spell & Trap Zones. Those Zones cannot be used. If this card destroys itself: You can target 1 Dinosaur-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.")
('Rainbow Path', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Send 1 "Crystal Beast" card from your Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard to target the attacking monster; negate the attack, then you can add 1 "Rainbow Dragon" or "Rainbow Dark Dragon" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Guts of Steel', 'Select 3 "Scrap" monsters in your Graveyard. Your opponent picks 1 of them, you Special Summon it to either player\'s side of the field, and remove the rest from play.')
('Two-Headed King Rex', 'A powerful monster whose two heads attack as one.')
('Mischief of the Time Goddess', 'Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this card\'s activation. Cannot be activated as Chain Link 2 or higher. At the end of your Battle Phase, if all monsters you control are "Valkyrie" monsters (min. 1): Send this card to the GY, also, immediately after this effect resolves, skip to the start of the Battle Phase of your next turn. If you do, you cannot activate "Mischief of the Time Goddess" until the end of that turn.')
('Ancient Telescope', "See the top 5 cards of your opponent's Deck. Return the cards to the Deck in the same order.")
('Mind Trust', "Tribute 1 Level 2 or higher monster. Add 1 Tuner Monster from your Graveyard to your hand whose Level is less than or equal to half of the Tributed monster's.")
('Mistake', 'Neither player can add cards from their Deck to their hand except by drawing them.')
('Judgment of Anubis', "When your opponent activates a Spell Card that would destroy a Spell/Trap Card(s) on the field: Discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then you can destroy 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and if you do that, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK on the field.")
('Superheavy Samurai Beast Kyubi', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Superheavy Samurai" monsters\nThis card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard, this card gains 900 DEF for each Special Summoned monster your opponent controls.')
('Hippo Carnival', 'Special Summon 3 "Hippo Tokens" (Beast-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0), but they cannot be Tributed. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while a "Hippo Token" is in a Monster Zone. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters for attacks, except "Hippo Tokens".')
('Underground Arachnid', '1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner Insect-Type monster\nIf this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and equip it to this card. If this card would be destroyed by battle, you can destroy the monster equipped to this card by its effect instead. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card.)')
('Gil Garth', 'This steel-armored terror machine ruthlessly strikes down enemies with its giant katana.')
('Pair Cycroid', '2 Machine-Type monsters with the same name\nThis card can attack your opponent directly.')
('Talaya, Princess of Cherry Blossoms', 'Gains 100 ATK for each Plant monster you control. Other Plant monsters on the field cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Trifortressops', "During either player's turn, if your opponent Summoned 3 or more monsters this turn: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If Summoned this way, it is unaffected by other cards' effects, but loses 500 DEF during each player's Standby Phase.")
('Mektimed Blast', 'Target 1 "Meklord" monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them.')
('Burglar', 'A sly rat. He will come at you with his huge left claw.')
('Darklord Amdusc', 'You can discard this card and 1 "Darklord" card, then target 1 "Darklord" card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. During either player\'s turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 "Darklord" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; apply that target\'s effect, then shuffle that target into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Darklord Amdusc" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Darklord Amdusc(s)" once per turn.')
('V-LAN Hydra', '2+ monsters, except Tokens\nGains 300 ATK for each monster co-linked to this card. You can target 1 Link-3 or lower monster co-linked to this card; Tribute it, and if you do, Special Summon "V-LAN Tokens" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) equal to the Tributed monster\'s Link Rating, also you cannot Special Summon monsters with the same Link Rating as that targeted monster for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "V-LAN Hydra" once per turn.')
('SZW - Fenrir Sword', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "ZW -" monster you control that is an Equip Card; Special Summon that target in Defense Position. You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this card from your hand to that target. When the equipped monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "ZW -" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Core Compression', 'Reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" in your hand and discard 1 "Koa\'ki Meiru" monster to activate this card. Draw 2 cards.')
('Infernity Randomizer', 'Once per turn, while you have no cards in your hand, you can draw 1 card and reveal it. For a Monster Card drawn with this effect, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the Level of that monster x 200. For a Spell or Trap Card, you take 500 damage.')
('Ignister Prominence, the Blasting Dracoslayer', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Pendulum Monsters\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 Pendulum Monster on the field or 1 card in the Pendulum Zone; destroy it, and if you do, shuffle 1 card on the field into the Deck. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Dracoslayer" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but it cannot be used as a Synchro Material for a Summon.')
('Sky Scourge Norleras', "This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster and 3 DARK Fiend-Type monsters in your Graveyard. You can pay 1000 Life Points to send all cards on the field and in both players' hands to the Graveyard, then you draw 1 card.")
('Legendary Six Samurai - Enishi', 'Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can banish 2 "Six Samurai" monsters from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster on the field; return that target to the hand. You must control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name to activate and to resolve this effect. While you control 2 or more face-up "Six Samurai" monsters except "Legendary Six Samurai - Enishi", this card gains 500 ATK and DEF.')
('Combo Fighter', 'If a Chain (of 2 or more Links) occurred in your Main Phase 1, this card can attack twice during the Battle Phase this turn.')
('Diced Dice', 'Roll a six-sided die, and if you roll a 1 or 6, add 1 card from your Deck to your hand that requires a die roll. If you roll a number other than 1 or 6, roll it again, and apply the appropriate effect.\r\n● 1 or 6: Return this card to the hand.\r\n● 2, 3, 4, or 5: Place this card on top of the Deck.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Diced Dice" per turn.')
('The Grand Spellbook Tower', 'Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, if you have a Spellcaster-Type monster on your side of the field or in your Graveyard: You can place 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card from your Graveyard on the bottom of your Deck, except "The Grand Spellbook Tower", then draw 1 card. When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your hand or Deck whose Level is less than or equal to the number of "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your Graveyard.')
('Chivalry', "Activate only during the Battle Phase, when the effect of an opponent's Effect Monster is activated. Negate the activation and destroy that card.")
('Yosenju Sabu', 'Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand. You can only use each of the following effects of "Yosenju Sabu" once per turn.\r\n● If this card is Normal Summoned: If you control another "Yosenju" card, you can add 1 "Yosenju" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● You can target 1 "Yosenju" card you control; place 1 "Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village" or "Yosen Whirlwind" from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone, and if you do, shuffle the targeted card into the Deck.')
('Oyster Meister', 'If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, except when destroyed by battle: Special Summon 1 "Oyster Token" (Fish-Type/WATER/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0).')
('Talisman of Spell Sealing', 'You can only activate this card while there is a face-up "Sealmaster Meisei" on your side of the field. While this card is face-up on the field, Spell Cards cannot be activated and the effects of face-up Spell Cards on the field are negated. When "Sealmaster Meisei" is removed from the field, destroy this card.')
('The Black Stone of Legend', 'You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster from your Deck, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick". If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster in your Graveyard, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick"; shuffle it into the Deck, and if you do, add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "The Black Stone of Legend" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Deskbot Jet', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nThis card gains 500 ATK and DEF for each "Deskbot" card on the field. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Deskbot Jet" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● You can target 1 "Deskbot" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Deskbot" monster from your Deck.\n● You can target 1 "Deskbot" card you control and 1 face-up card on the field; destroy them.')
('Superheavy Samurai Flutist', 'You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster from your hand. During either player\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets a "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "Superheavy Samurai Flutist" once per turn.')
('Boot-Up Admiral - Destroyer Dynamo', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 2 "Gadget" Monster Cards from your hand and/or face-up field to the GY. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects while you control a "Gadget" monster or a "Gadget" Monster Card equipped to a monster. Once per turn: You can target 1 other card on the field; destroy it.')
('Thunder Dragonroar', 'You can discard this card; add to your hand, 1 of your "Thunder Dragon" cards that is banished or in your GY, except "Thunder Dragonroar". If this card is banished, or sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Thunder Dragon" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but return it to the hand during the End Phase. You can only use 1 "Thunder Dragonroar" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Phoenix Gearfried', "This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● If your opponent activates a Spell Card: You can target 1 Gemini monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated that targets a monster(s) on the field: You can send 1 face-up Equip Card you control to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.")
('Performapal Flip Hippo', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Performapal" monster from your hand, but it has its effects negated until the end of this turn. Once per turn: You can change all monsters you control to Defense Position.')
('Miracle Rupture', 'Send 1 Level 4 or lower Rock monster from your Deck to the GY, then, if "Fossil Fusion" is in your GY, draw 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Miracle Rupture" per turn.')
('Cyber Dragon Core', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: Add 1 "Cyber" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. If only your opponent controls a monster: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Cyber Dragon" monster from your Deck. You can only use 1 "Cyber Dragon Core" effect per turn, and only once that turn. This card\'s name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while on the field or in the GY.')
('Spacegate', 'Each time a monster your opponent controls attacks or is attacked, place 1 Gate Counter on this card at the end of the Damage Step. During your Main Phase: You can send this card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Gate Counters on this card.')
('World Legacy Survivor', 'Excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, and if you do, add 1 excavated "Krawler" monster or "World Legacy" card to your hand, also send the remaining cards to the GY. Otherwise, shuffle all excavated cards into the Deck. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Link Monsters. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy Survivor" per turn.')
('Shadow of the Six Samurai - Shien', '2 Level 4 "Six Samurai" monsters\r\nOnce per turn (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control with less than 2000 ATK; its original ATK becomes 2000 until the end of this turn.')
('Scarm, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss', 'If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Scarm, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can add 1 Level 3 DARK Fiend-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Scarm, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss".')
('Dragon Horn Hunter', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nAll Normal Monsters gain 200 ATK. You take no battle damage from battles involving Normal Monsters you control.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nThe horns were needed to prepare a medicine for her village, suffering from a plague. Unknown to her, the dragons burned and trampled her village, once displaced from their den.')
('Morphtronic Monitron', 'When a "Morphtronic" monster is Summoned, you can change it to face-up Defense Position.')
('Mirage of Nightmare', "Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase: Draw cards until you have 4 cards in your hand. If you do, during your next Standby Phase after that: Randomly discard the same number of cards you drew (or your entire hand, if you do not have enough cards).")
('Verdant Sanctuary', 'When a face-up Insect monster is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: Its controller can add 1 Insect monster with the same Level as the destroyed monster from their Deck to their hand.')
('Return Zombie', 'During your Standby Phase: You can pay 500 Life Points; add this card from your Graveyard to your hand. You must have no cards in your hand to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Gishki Reliever', 'When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can target 1 other monster you control; return that target to the hand. You must control another face-up "Gishki" monster to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Fairy Meteor Crush', 'If the equipped monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Thunder Dragonlord', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 Level 8 or lower Thunder monster from your hand or face-up field, during the turn a Thunder monster\'s effect was activated in the hand. Once per opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can banish 2 cards from your GY, including a Thunder monster, then target 1 Thunder monster you control; your opponent cannot target it with card effects this turn. Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can send 1 "Thunder Dragon" card from your Deck to the GY.')
('Soul Drain', 'Activate by paying 1000 LP. Monsters that are banished, as well as monsters in the GY, cannot activate their effects.')
('Wall of Ivy', 'FLIP: Special Summon 1 "Ivy Token" (Plant-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position to your opponent\'s side of the field. When this Token is destroyed, its controller takes 300 damage.')
('Shadow Spell', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 700 ATK, also it cannot attack or change its battle position. When it leaves the field, destroy this card.')
('Valkyrie Funfte', '"Valkyrie" monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each of your opponent\'s banished monsters. If you control a "Valkyrie" monster other than "Valkyrie Funfte": You can send 1 Spell/Trap from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Valkyrie Funfte" once per turn.')
('Performance of Sword', 'This monster can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Commencement Dance". You must also offer monsters whose total Level Stars equal 6 or more as a Tribute from the field or your hand.')
('Cybernetic Fusion Support', 'Pay half your LP; once, if you Fusion Summon a Machine Fusion Monster this turn, you can banish monsters from your hand, field, and/or GY as the Fusion Materials. You can only activate 1 "Cybernetic Fusion Support" per turn.')
('Dragon Ice', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster (except during the Damage Step): You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. There can only be 1 "Dragon Ice" on the field.')
('Vylon Disigma', '3 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up Attack Position Effect Monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a monster whose Attribute is the same as a card equipped by this effect: Destroy that monster.')
('Magical Thorn', "When your opponent's card(s) in their hand are discarded to the Graveyard, inflict 500 points of damage to their Life Points for each card that was discarded.")
('Lucky Chance', 'Once per Chain, if a monster effect is activated that tosses a coin once: Call heads or tails. If your call matches the coin toss for that monster effect, draw 1 card immediately after that effect resolves.')
('Ghostrick Vanish', 'Reveal 1 "Ghostrick" monster in your hand; this turn, "Ghostrick" cards you control, and face-down Defense Position monsters you control, cannot be targeted by, or be destroyed by, card effects.')
("Elder Entity N'tss", '1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster\nMust be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards you control to the GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your hand. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only Special Summon "Elder Entity N\'tss(s)" once per turn.')
('Inferno Reckless Summon', 'When exactly 1 monster with 1500 or less ATK is Special Summoned to your field while your opponent controls a face-up monster: Special Summon as many monsters as possible with the same name as the Summoned monster, from your hand, Deck, and Graveyard, in Attack Position, also your opponent Special Summons as many monsters as possible with the same name as 1 of their face-up monsters, from their hand, Deck, and Graveyard.')
('Six Style - Dual Wield', 'If the only monster you control is 1 "Six Samurai" monster in face-up Attack Position: Target 2 cards your opponent controls; return those targets to the hand.')
('Dark General Freed', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. Negate any Spell effects that target a face-up DARK monster(s) you control, and if you do, destroy that Spell Card. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can add 1 Level 4 DARK monster from your Deck to your hand. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Guard Go!', 'If a "Gagaga", "Dododo", and/or "Gogogo" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon it, then you can Special Summon up to 2 "Gagaga", "Dododo", and/or "Gogogo" monsters from your hand in Defense Position.')
('U.A. Signing Deal', 'Special Summon 1 "U.A." monster from your Deck, but its effects are negated, also it cannot be used as Synchro or Xyz Material for a Summon. Then you lose LP equal to the Level of the monster you Special Summoned by this effect x 300. You can only activate 1 "U.A. Signing Deal" per turn.')
('Supreme King Dragon Starving Venom', '2 DARK Pendulum Monsters\r\nMust be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by Tributing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). Once per turn: You can target 1 other monster on the field or in the GY; until the End Phase, this card\'s name becomes that monster\'s original name, and replace this effect with that monster\'s original effects, also for the rest of this turn, if your monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Ambush Fangs', 'Activate only when a face-up "Venom" monster you control is declared as an attack target. Negate the attack and end the Battle Phase. Then place 1 Venom Counter on the monster that attacked.')
('Binding Chain', 'The mystic links of this chain can rob enemies of their power.')
('Phantom Skyblaster', 'When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can Special Summon any number of "Skyblaster Tokens" (Fiend/DARK/Level 4/ATK 500/DEF 500), up to the number of monsters you control. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each "Skyblaster" monster you control. "Skyblaster" monsters you control cannot declare an attack during the turn you activate this effect.')
('Unmasked Dragon', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Wyrm-Type monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck.')
('D/D/D Contract Change', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Activate 1 of these effects;\n● Banish 1 "D/D/D" monster from your Graveyard, and if you do, the attacking monster loses ATK equal to the banished monster\'s ATK.\n● Add 1 Level 4 or lower "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Toon Mermaid', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand), while you control "Toon World". Cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. You must pay 500 LP to declare an attack with this monster. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. Can attack your opponent directly, unless they control a Toon monster, in which case this card must target a Toon monster for its attacks.')
('Luster Dragon #2', 'This dragon feeds on emerald. Enchanted by this monster even when attacked, few people live to tell of its beauty.')
('Power of Dark', '[At the start of the Duel, place this card in your Field Spell Zone and flip it over.] \r\n\r\nAll Fiend and Spellcaster monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF, also all Fairy monsters on the field lose 200 ATK/DEF.')
('Qliphort Cephalopod', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can only Special Summon "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card\'s current Level. When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Qli" monster(s): You can activate this effect; if your opponent has more monsters in their Graveyard than you do, you gain LP equal to the difference x 300, and if you do, inflict the same amount of damage to your opponent.')
('Guardragon Corewakening', 'You can send 1 Effect Monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or GY, in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Guardragon Corewakening" once per turn.')
('Justi-Break', 'Activate only when your opponent declares an attack against a face-up Normal Monster you control. Destroy all monsters on the field, except face-up Attack Position Normal Monsters.')
('Ultimate Fire Formation - Seito', 'Banish 7 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Cards from your Graveyard; Special Summon as many "Fire Fist" monsters as possible from your Graveyard, then you can Set "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Cards directly from your Deck, except "Ultimate Fire Formation - Seito", up to the number of monsters Special Summoned by this effect.')
('Solemn Wishes', 'Increase your Life Points by 500 points each time you draw a card (or cards).')
('Stand-Off', 'Target 1 face-up Attack Position Effect Monster on each side of the field; if both monsters are still face-up on the field, negate their effects, then if both their effects were negated by this effect, as long as those monsters are in face-up Attack Position, they cannot be destroyed by battle, are unaffected by other card effects, also they cannot attack or change their battle positions.')
('Drillago', 'If the only cards your opponent controls are face-up monsters with 1600 or more ATK, this card can attack your opponent directly.')
('Salamangreat Fennec', 'If a Cyberse monster(s) you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when the monster was destroyed) or hand (even if not), but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Link Summon of a Link-2 or higher Cyberse Link Monster: You can add 1 "Salamangreat" Normal Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Fennec" once per turn.')
('Subterror Behemoth Voltelluric', 'FLIP: You can target 1 Set monster your opponent controls; take control of it until your next End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Voltelluric" once per turn.\r\nWhen a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.')
('Edge Imp Scythe', 'During your opponent\'s Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can reveal this card in your hand; Fusion Summon 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material, including this card in your hand. If a "Frightfur" Fusion Monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Edge Imp Scythe" once per turn.')
('Tlakalel, His Malevolent Majesty', 'If this card is Tribute Summoned: You can destroy any number of face-up monsters your opponent controls whose combined ATK is less than or equal to the original ATK of the monster Tributed to Tribute Summon this card.')
('Fossil Machine Skull Wagon', '1 Rock monster in your GY + 1 Level 5 or 6 monster\r\nMust first be Special Summoned with "Fossil Fusion". This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can inflict 800 damage to your opponent. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Fossil Machine Skull Wagon" once per turn.')
('Seismic Crasher', 'Twice per turn, you can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell or Continuous Trap Card you control to the Graveyard to inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Salamangreat Foxy', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if you do, you can add 1 excavated "Salamangreat" card to your hand, also shuffle the rest into the Deck. If this card is in your GY, and a face-up Spell/Trap is on the field: You can discard 1 "Salamangreat" card; Special Summon this card, then you can destroy 1 face-up Spell/Trap on the field. You can only use 1 "Salamangreat Foxy" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('G.B. Hunter', 'Cards on the field cannot be returned to the Deck.')
('Reshef the Dark Being', 'This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Final Ritual of the Ancients". Once per turn, by discarding 1 Spell Card from your hand, take control of 1 monster on your opponent\'s side of the field until the end of this turn.')
('Darkfire Soldier #2', 'A warrior who gained immeasurable power from the heart of a volcano.')
('Adamancipator Resonance', 'When a monster effect is activated, while you control an "Adamancipator" Synchro Monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Symphonic Warrior Guitaar', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 "Symphonic Warrior" monster from your Deck, except "Symphonic Warrior Guitaar". You can only use this effect of "Symphonic Warrior Guitaar" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Symphonic Warrior" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.')
('The Door of Destiny', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack: Negate the attack, then Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Fiend-Type/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) During your Standby Phase, while this card is treated as a monster: You can banish any number of "Utopia" monsters with different names from your Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each of those banished monsters, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to the damage they took.')
('Laval the Greater', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner FIRE monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard. If this card would be destroyed by a card effect, you can banish 1 "Laval" monster from your Graveyard instead.')
('Mist Valley Watcher', 'Descendant of a family that has served as Mist Valley watchman over the generations. Never missed a single thing that happened in the valley, no matter how minute.')
('Flower Cardian Boardefly', '1 Tuner + 2 non-Tuner monsters\nIf a "Flower Cardian" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Flower Cardian" monster from your Graveyard; until the end of your opponent\'s next turn, your opponent cannot activate effects of cards in the Graveyard, also they cannot Special Summon monsters from the Graveyard.')
('Ultimate Insect LV1', 'While this card is on the field, it is unaffected by the effects of Spell Cards. During your Standby Phase, by sending this face-up card to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Insect LV3" from your hand or Deck. (You cannot activate this effect the turn this card is Normal Summoned, Special Summoned, or flipped face-up.)')
('Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis', '2 Level 6 monsters\nWhen this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 "Number" monster in your Graveyard; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK equal to half the ATK of that equipped monster. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then send the monster equipped by this effect to the Graveyard; halve your opponent\'s Life Points. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.')
('Number 34: Terror-Byte', '3 Level 3 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 Level 4 or lower Attack Position monster your opponent controls; gain control of it until the End Phase.')
('Ranryu', 'You can only control 1 "Ranryu". If you control a Spellcaster monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can target 1 monster with 1500 ATK and 200 DEF in your GY, except "Ranryu"; Special Summon it.')
('Abare Ushioni', 'Once per turn, you can toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. If you call it wrong, you take 1000 damage.')
('Pyramid of Light', 'If this face-up card is removed from your side of the field, destroy "Andro Sphinx" and "Sphinx Teleia" on your side of the field and remove them from play.')
('The Fabled Afanc', 'If this card is in your GY: You can discard 1 "Fabled" monster, and if you do, Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "The Fabled Afanc" once per turn.')
('Miracle Contact', 'Shuffle into the Deck, from your hand, field, or GY, the Fusion Materials that are listed on an "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster that lists "Elemental HERO Neos" as Fusion Material, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Blue-Eyes Twin Burst Dragon', '"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon"\r\nMust be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by sending the above monsters you control to the GY (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). Cannot be destroyed by battle. This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. At the end of the Damage Step, when this card attacks an opponent\'s monster, but the opponent\'s monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can banish that opponent\'s monster.')
('Windwitch - Blizzard Bell', 'If you control no monsters, or all monsters you control are "Windwitch" monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. During your opponent\'s Main Phase, if you control a "Windwitch" monster other than "Windwitch - Blizzard Bell" (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY; inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Windwitch - Blizzard Bell" once per turn.')
('Dimension Mirage', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls. At the end of the Damage Step, when it attacks a monster, but the attack target was not destroyed by the battle: You can banish 1 monster from your Graveyard; it must attack again in a row. If the targeted monster leaves the field, destroy this card.')
('Trickstar Delfiendium', '2+ "Trickstar" monsters\r\nWhen this card declares an attack while pointing to a "Trickstar" monster: You can target your banished "Trickstar" cards, up to the number of Link Monsters your opponent controls; add them to your hand, and if you do, this card gains 1000 ATK for each card added, until the end of this turn.')
('Dark Bug', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, select and Special Summon 1 Level 3 Tuner monster from your Graveyard. The effect(s) of that monster is negated.')
('Djinn Cursenchanter of Rituals', "When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon. While the monster Ritual Summoned using this card is face-up on the field, Synchro Monsters' effects are negated.")
('Dark Blade the Dragon Knight', '"Dark Blade" + "Pitch-Dark Dragon"\nEach time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can select up to 3 Monster Cards from your opponent\'s Graveyard and remove them from play.')
('Megalith Promotion', 'You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster you control; its Level becomes double its original Level until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Megalith Promotion" once per turn.')
('Trickstar Bouquet', 'Target 1 "Trickstar" monster you control and 1 face-up monster on the field; return that "Trickstar" monster to the hand, and if you do, the other monster gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the returned monster, until the end of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Trickstar Bouquet" per turn.')
('D/D Recruits', 'If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: Target any number of "D/D" monsters and/or "Dark Contract" cards in your Graveyard up to the difference; add those cards to your hand. You can only activate 1 "D/D Recruits" per turn.')
('Sirenorca', 'If you control both Fish and Winged Beast-Type monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When you do: You can declare a Level from 3 to 5; the Levels of all monsters you currently control become the declared Level. If you activate this effect, monsters you control cannot activate their effects for the rest of this turn, except WATER monsters.')
('F.A. Sonic Meister', 'Gains ATK equal to its Level x 300. Cannot be destroyed by battle with an opponent\'s monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card\'s Level. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase this card\'s Level by 1. If this card is Level 7 or higher, it can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.')
('Chain Strike', 'Activate only as Chain Link 2 or higher; inflict 400 damage to your opponent times the Chain Link number of this card. You cannot activate this card if multiple cards/effects with the same name are in that Chain.')
('Dotedotengu', "If this card in your possession is sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand.")
('Elemental HERO Brave Neos', '"Elemental HERO Neos" + 1 Level 4 or lower Effect Monster\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned. Gains 100 ATK for each "Neo-Spacian" and "HERO" monster in your GY. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can add 1 Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand that specifically lists the card "Elemental HERO Neos" in its text.')
('Garum the Storm Vassal', 'You can return 1 Tribute Summoned monster you control to the hand; Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. If this card is Tributed for a Tribute Summon: You can add 1 monster with 800 ATK and 1000 DEF from your Deck to your hand, except "Garum the Storm Vassal". You can only use each effect of "Garum the Storm Vassal" once per turn.')
("Swallow's Nest", 'Tribute 1 face-up Winged Beast-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Winged Beast-Type monster from your Deck with the same Level the Tributed monster had on the field.')
('Security Force Showdown', 'Activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Special Summon 1 "Security Force" monster from your hand in Defense Position.\r\n● Target 1 "Security Force" monster in your GY; add it to your hand.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Security Force Showdown" per turn.')
('Dragoncarnation', 'Target 1 of your banished Dragon-Type monsters; add that target to your hand.')
('Huge Revolution', 'This card can only be activated during your Main Phase when "People Running About", "Oppressed People", and "United Resistance" are face-up on your side of the field. Send all cards in your opponent\'s hand to the Graveyard and destroy all cards your opponent controls on the field.')
('Odd-Eyes Absolute Dragon', '2 Level 7 monsters\r\nWhen any player\'s monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 material from this card; negate the attack, then you can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your hand or GY. If this Xyz Summoned card is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Extra Deck, except "Odd-Eyes Absolute Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Odd-Eyes Absolute Dragon" once per turn.')
('Train Connection', "Must be equipped to an EARTH Machine-Type monster, by banishing 2 Level 10 or higher Machine-Type monsters from your Graveyard, and cannot be equipped by other ways. The equipped monster's ATK becomes double its original ATK, also if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Other monsters you control cannot attack.")
('Jurrac Aeolo', 'You can Tribute this card to select 1 Level 4 or lower "Jurrac" monster in your Graveyard, except "Jurrac Aeolo". Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard.')
('The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury', "During your Standby Phase, if you controlled this face-up card and had no cards in your hand at the end of the opponent's last End Phase: Draw 1 card.")
('Xyz Block', 'When your opponent activates a monster effect: Detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster you control; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.')
('Red-Eyes Spirit', 'Target 1 "Red-Eyes" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.')
('Naturia Sunflower', 'You can Tribute this card and 1 "Naturia" monster to negate the activation of an effect of an Effect Monster your opponent controls, and destroy it.')
('Gemini Trap Hole', 'Activate only when a Gemini monster that is treated as an Effect Monster is destroyed by battle. Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.')
('Summoned Skull', 'A fiend with dark powers for confusing the enemy. Among the Fiend-Type monsters, this monster boasts considerable force.\n\n(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)')
('Express Train Trolley Olley', 'An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.\n● If it is Xyz Summoned: It gains 800 ATK.')
('Familiar-Possessed - Hiita', 'You can send 1 "Hiita the Fire Charmer" and 1 FIRE monster you control to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand or Deck. If you do, this card gets the following effect: ● During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Link Spider', '1 Normal Monster\r\nOnce per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your hand to your zone this card points to.')
('Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend', '2 Tuners + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nMust be Synchro Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only use each of these effects of "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend" once per turn.\n● During your Main Phase 1: You can destroy all other cards on the field, also, for the rest of this turn, other monsters you control cannot attack.\n● During either player\'s Battle Phase, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, and if you do that, this card gains 500 ATK.')
('Sky Dragoons of Draconia', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when a Normal Monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nRumored as being formed to invade the neutral, floating Sky-State of Cxulub, these mounted air troops of the Draconia Empire have prompted bordering nations to strengthen their security.')
('Gora Turtle of Illusion', 'Negate the effect of Spell and Trap Cards controlled by your opponent that target this face-up card on the field.')
('Malefic Paradox Gear', 'If a face-up Field Spell is on the field: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Malefic Parallel Gear" from your Deck, then, add 1 "Malefic" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Malefic Paradox Gear". If a "Malefic" monster would banish a monster to Special Summon itself by its own way, you can banish this card you control or in your GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Malefic Paradox Gear" once per turn.')
('Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by revealing 3 other "Cubic" cards in your hand with different names, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Unaffected by other monsters\' activated effects, whose original ATK is 3000 or less. When this attacking card destroys a monster by battle: You can activate this effect; this card can make a second attack during this Battle Phase. During your End Phase: Each player takes 3000 damage. You can only use this effect of "Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord" once per turn.')
('The Fabled Cerburrel', 'If this card is discarded to the Graveyard: Special Summon it.')
('Chaos End', 'You can only activate this card if 7 or more of your cards are currently removed from play. Destroy all Monster Cards on the field.')
('Vassal Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Mithra the Thunder Vassal".')
('Inari Fire', 'You can only control 1 "Inari Fire". If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn, during your next Standby Phase after this face-up card on the field was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon it from your Graveyard.')
('Telekinetic Power Well', 'Special Summon any number of Level 2 or lower Psychic-Type monsters from your Graveyard. You take damage equal to the total Levels of those monsters x 300.')
('Dododo Swordsman', 'While this Flip Summoned card is face-up on the field, it gains 3500 ATK. When this card is flipped face-up: You can target up to 2 face-up monsters on the field; destroy them.')
('Deskbot 004', 'If this card battles an opponent\'s monster, during damage calculation (in either player\'s turn): You can activate this effect once per battle; your opponent takes no battle damage for the rest of this turn, also send 1 "Deskbot" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Deskbot 004", and if you do, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the sent monster\'s Level x 500, during damage calculation only. If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can Special Summon 2 "Deskbot" monsters with different Levels from your hand and/or Graveyard in Defense Position.')
('Leo Wizard', 'A wizard with a black mantle who is actually a talking lion in disguise.')
('Overdrive Teleporter', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned. You can pay 2000 Life Points to Special Summon 2 Level 3 Psychic-Type monsters from your Deck. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Dangerous Machine Type-6', 'During each of your Standby Phases: Roll a six-sided die and apply the result.\n● 1: Discard 1 card.\n● 2: Your opponent discards 1 card.\n● 3: Draw 1 card.\n● 4: Your opponent draws 1 card.\n● 5: Destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.\n● 6: Destroy this card.')
('Secrets of Dark Magic', 'Activate 1 of the following effects.\r\n● Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field, including "Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl", as Fusion Material.\r\n● Ritual Summon 1 Ritual Monster from your hand, by Tributing monsters from your hand or field, including "Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl", whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster.')
('U.A. Libero Spiker', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Libero Spiker". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Libero Spiker" once per turn this way. During your opponent\'s Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can shuffle 1 Level 5 or higher "U.A." monster from your hand into the Deck, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "U.A." monster with a different name from your Deck, then return this card from the field to the hand. You can only use this effect of "U.A. Libero Spiker" once per turn.')
('Woodland Sprite', "Send 1 Equip Card equipped to this card to the Graveyard. Inflict 500 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.")
('Battlewasp - Nest', 'When your "Battlewasp" monster is targeted for an attack: Special Summon 1 "Battlewasp" monster from your hand or Deck, and if you do, place 1 counter on this card, then end the Battle Phase. You can only use this effect of "Battlewasp - Nest" once per turn. If this card has 2 or more counters during the End Phase, send it to the GY.')
('Graydle Alligator', 'If this card in your Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or Spell effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, take control of that monster. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster.')
('F.A. Test Run', 'Target 1 "F.A." monster you control; change its battle position, then, destroy 1 card on the field. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "F.A." monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "F.A. Test Run" once per turn.')
('Ancient Warriors - Ambitious Cao De', 'While you control another "Ancient Warriors" monster, your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Ancient Warriors - Ambitious Cao De" once per turn.\r\n● If a card(s) your opponent controls is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can send 1 other card from your hand or field to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand.\r\n● When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the GY: You can Special Summon that monster to your field in Defense Position.')
('Fish and Kicks', 'If you have 3 or more banished Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monsters: Target 1 card on the field; banish it.')
('Nekogal #2', 'A fast and lethal creature with very dangerous claws.')
('Rose Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Black Garden".')
('Rocket Arrow Express', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by controlling no cards, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you Special Summon this card. You cannot activate cards or effects, or Set any cards. During each of your Standby Phases, destroy this card unless you send your entire hand to the Graveyard (min.1).')
('Release Restraint', 'Tribute 1 "Gearfried the Iron Knight"; Special Summon 1 "Gearfried the Swordmaster" from your hand or Deck.')
('Laval Lancelord', 'You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If you do, during the End Phase: Send it to the Graveyard. When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished FIRE monsters; add that target to your hand.')
('Vendread Daybreak', 'If your opponent controls more cards than you do: Choose 1 Ritual Summoned "Vendread" monster you control, and destroy all cards on the field, except the chosen monster. It cannot attack directly while it remains face-up on the field. You can only activate 1 "Vendread Daybreak" per turn.')
('Elemental HERO Avian', 'A winged Elemental HERO who wheels through the sky and manipulates the wind. His signature move, Featherbreak, gives villainy a blow from sky-high.')
('Phantasm Spiral Crash', 'Equip only to a Normal Monster. If the equipped monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. When the equipped monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 1 "Phantasm Spiral Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and equip it with this card, then you can change 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls to Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Phantasm Spiral Crash" once per turn.')
('Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon', "3 Level 9 monsters\nThis card cannot be destroyed by battle, also your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from battles involving this card. During your opponent's End Phase: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; banish all cards your opponent currently controls that were Normal or Special Summoned, or were Set, this turn. If this card is destroyed while it has Xyz Material: You can Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. When you do: It gains 1000 ATK for every card currently banished.")
('Blackwing - Breeze the Zephyr', 'If this card is added from your Deck to your hand by a card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Blackwing" monster.')
('Lavalval Dragun', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner FIRE monsters\nOnce per turn: You can add 1 "Laval" monster from your Deck to your hand, then send 1 "Laval" monster from your hand to the Graveyard.')
('Violent Rain', 'This monster can call forth sudden torrents of battering rain.')
('Vampiric Orchis', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Des Dendle" from your hand.')
('Reptilianne Viper', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select and take control of 1 face-up monster with 0 ATK your opponent controls.')
('Skull Guardian', 'This monster can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Novox\'s Prayer". You must also offer monsters whose total Level Stars equal 7 or more as a Tribute from the field or your hand.')
('Falling Down', 'Activate this card by targeting an opponent\'s monster; equip this card to it. Take control of it. Destroy this card unless you control an "Archfiend" card. During each of your opponent\'s Standby Phases: You take 800 damage.')
('Rafflesia Seduction', "FLIP: Take control of 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field until the end of this turn.")
("Shien's Scheme", 'If a "Six Samurai" monster you control is destroyed by battle: Special Summon up to 2 "Six Samurai" monsters from your hand.')
('Phantasm Spiral Wave', 'Equip only to a Normal Monster. The first time the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. At the end of the Battle Phase, if the equipped monster battled: You can Special Summon 1 "Phantasm Spiral Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and equip it with this card, then if they have any, your opponent discards 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Phantasm Spiral Wave" once per turn.')
('Sound the Retreat!', 'Return all monsters you control to the hand.')
('Lightning, Dragon Ruler of Drafts', 'You can discard this card and 1 Dragon or WIND monster; Special Summon 1 "Tempest, Dragon Ruler of Storms" from your Deck, but it cannot attack this turn. You can only use this effect of "Lightning, Dragon Ruler of Drafts" once per turn.')
('Linkmail Archfiend', "2+ monsters, including a Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster you control or in your GY; all monsters your opponent currently controls lose ATK equal to the targeted monster's ATK, until the end of this turn. Your opponent cannot target monsters you control, that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, with monster effects. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish 1 Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster from your GY instead.")
('Infernity Launcher', 'Once per turn: You can send 1 "Infernity" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. You can send this card to the Graveyard, then target up to 2 "Infernity" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them. You must have no cards in your hand to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Amazoness Spellcaster', 'Target 1 "Amazoness" monster you control and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; switch the original ATK of those targets until the end of this turn.')
('Crowley, the Magistus of Grimoires', 'You can send 1 Spellcaster monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can declare 1 Attribute; this card becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Magistus" monster you control; equip it with 1 "Magistus" monster from your GY, except a Level 4 monster. You can only use each effect of "Crowley, the Magistus of Grimoires" once per turn.')
('A Hero Lives', 'If you control no face-up monsters: Pay half your LP; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck.')
('Condemned Maiden', 'During your opponent\'s turn, you can activate 1 Quick-Play Spell Card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Condemned Maiden" once per Duel.')
('Infernity Knight', 'When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can discard 2 cards; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Superheavy Samurai Steam Train King', '1 "Superheavy Samurai" Tuner + 2+ non-Tuner "Superheavy Samurai" monsters\r\nThis card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. Once per turn: You can discard up to 2 cards, then target that many cards your opponent controls; destroy them. Once per turn: You can banish all Spells and Traps from the GYs, and if you do, inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card banished.')
('Gagagarevenge', 'Target 1 "Gagaga" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster. When this card is sent to the Graveyard because the equipped monster was used as an Xyz Material: All Xyz Monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK.')
('Rapid-Fire Magician', 'Inflict 400 damage to your opponent each time you activate a Normal Spell Card.')
('Criosphinx', "When a monster is returned from the field to the owner's hand, the owner of the returned monster selects and sends 1 card in their hand to the Graveyard.")
('Armed Samurai - Ben Kei', 'For each Equip Card equipped to this card, it gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase.')
('Chain Summon', 'If you control 2 or more face-up Xyz Monsters: Target the one with the lowest Rank (your choice, if tied); Special Summon 1 Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, whose Rank is lower than that Xyz Monster, but the Special Summoned monster cannot attack directly, also return it to the Extra Deck during the End Phase.')
('Pestilence', 'Equip only to a Warrior-Type, Beast-Warrior-Type, or Spellcaster-Type monster. Its ATK becomes 0. During each of your Standby Phases, inflict 500 damage to the controller of the equipped monster.')
('Performapal Sky Magician', 'Once per turn, if you activate a Spell Card: This card gains 300 ATK. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Continuous Spell you control; return it to the hand, then you can activate 1 "Magician" Continuous Spell from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Sky Magician" once per turn. If this face-up card leaves the field: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.')
('Machina Gearframe', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Machina" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Machina Gearframe". Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 Machine monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.')
('Skyscraper', 'If an "Elemental HERO" monster attacks a monster that has a higher ATK, the attacking monster gains 1000 ATK during damage calculation only.')
('Dogmatika Adin, the Enlightened', 'Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dogmatika Adin, the Enlightened" once per turn. If a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is on the field: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Dogmatika" monster from your Deck, except "Dogmatika Adin, the Enlightened".')
('Performapal Trampolynx', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhen you Pendulum Summon a monster(s): You can target 1 card in either player\'s Pendulum Zone; return it to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Trampolynx" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 card in either player\'s Pendulum Zone; return it to the hand.')
('Toll Hike', 'Each player must send 1 card from their hand to the GY to declare an attack.')
('Bujingi Centipede', 'If you control a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. You can only use the effect of "Bujingi Centipede" once per turn.')
('Palace of the Elemental Lords', 'All monsters you control gain ATK/DEF equal to the number of different Attributes in your GY x 200. Once per turn: You can add 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your Deck to your hand, but skip the Battle Phase of your next turn (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn, if an "Elementsaber" monster in your hand or field would send a card(s) from the hand to the GY to activate an effect, you can send that many "Elementsaber" monster(s) from your Deck to the GY, instead.')
('The Six Samurai - Irou', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster. You must control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name to activate and to resolve this effect. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.')
('Intercept Wave', 'All Synchro Monsters on the field are changed to Defense Position. And then, return all face-up Synchro Monsters to the Extra Deck during the End Phase.')
('Salamangreat Heatleo', '2+ FIRE Effect Monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can target 1 card in your opponent\'s Spell & Trap Zone; shuffle it into the Deck. Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Link Summoned using "Salamangreat Heatleo" as material: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field and 1 monster in your GY; the ATK of the first target becomes equal to the other target\'s, until the end of this turn.')
('Type Zero Magic Crusher', "Discard 1 Spell Card from your hand to inflict 500 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.")
('Domain of the True Monarchs', "While you have no cards in your Extra Deck and you are the only player that controls a Tribute Summoned monster, your opponent cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck. If a Tribute Summoned monster you control attacks an opponent's monster, it gains 800 ATK during damage calculation only. Once per turn: You can reduce the Level of 1 monster with 2800 ATK and 1000 DEF in your hand by 2 until the end of this turn (even after they are Summoned/Set, and even if this card leaves the field).")
('Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua', 'There can only be 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card is destroyed by a card effect, except by its own effect: Destroy all cards on the field.')
('March of the Dark Brigade', 'Target 1 "Lightsworn" monster in your GY that has a Level; add it to your hand, then banish a number of cards from the top of your Deck equal to the original Level of that monster in your hand. You can only activate 1 "March of the Dark Brigade" per turn.')
('Rhinotaurus', "If 2 or more of your opponent's monsters are destroyed by battle with your monsters during the same Battle Phase, this card can make a second attack during that Battle Phase.")
('Launcher Commander', 'All other Cyberse monsters you control gain 300 ATK/DEF. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Cyberse monster, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Drill Barnacle', 'This card can attack your opponent directly. Each time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack: This card gains 1000 ATK.')
('Majioshaleon', 'Your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target while they control any Spell/Trap Cards. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Shapesnatch', 'A bow tie with horrible power, it attacks an opponent by controlling others.')
('Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz', 'If you Ritual Summon exactly 1 "Nekroz" Ritual Monster with a card effect that requires use of monsters, this card can be used as the entire requirement. If this card is Tributed by a card effect: You can add 1 Warrior "Nekroz" Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz" once per turn.')
('Stellarknight Alpha', 'Equip only to a "tellarknight" monster you control. It gains 500 ATK and DEF, also it is unaffected by your opponent\'s card effects. If you control a face-up monster that is not a "tellarknight" monster, destroy this card.')
('Return of the Monarchs', 'You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck. When you Tribute Summon a monster: You can activate 1 of these effects;\n● Add, from your Deck to your hand, 1 monster with 2400 ATK and 1000 DEF with a different name from that Tribute Summoned monster.\n● Add, from your Deck to your hand, 1 monster with 2800 ATK and 1000 DEF with a different name from that Tribute Summoned monster.\nThe Tribute Summoned monster must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect. You can only use this effect of "Return of the Monarchs" once per turn.')
('Magicalized Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 Spellcaster Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your field or GY. You can only activate 1 "Magicalized Fusion" per turn.')
('Speedroid Terrortop', 'If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Speedroid" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Speedroid Terrortop". You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Terrortop" once per turn.')
('Recon, Scout Fur Hire', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Recon, Scout Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Set card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Recon, Scout Fur Hire" once per turn.')
('Beat, Bladesman Fur Hire', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Beat, Bladesman Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can add 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your Deck to your hand, except "Beat, Bladesman Fur Hire". You can only use each effect of "Beat, Bladesman Fur Hire" once per turn.')
('Earth Chant', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any EARTH Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon.')
('T.G. Striker', 'If only your opponent controls a monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can add 1 "T.G." monster from your Deck to your hand, except "T.G. Striker".')
('Performapal Ballad', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, at the start of the Damage Step, when your "Performapal" monster battles an opponent\'s face-up monster: You can make that opponent\'s monster lose 600 ATK (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf your "Performapal" monster attacked, after damage calculation: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses ATK equal to the ATK of that "Performapal" monster.')
('Abominable Unchained Soul', 'You can only Special Summon "Abominable Unchained Soul(s)" once per turn. If a card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned: You can discard 1 card; destroy 1 card on the field. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon this card, but place it on the bottom of the Deck when it leaves the field.')
('Charcoal Inpachi', "A wicked wooden spirit that has burned out. The barbecue grilled with this charcoal is so awesome that everybody thinks it's priceless.")
('DNA Transplant', 'Activate by declaring 1 monster Attribute. All face-up monsters become that Attribute.')
('Cybersal Cyclone', "Target 1 Link Monster your opponent controls; banish 1 monster from your GY that has the same Link Rating as that monster, and if you do, destroy that monster, then, if the original Type of the monster you banished was Cyberse, you can destroy 1 face-up card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone.")
('R-Genex Ultimum', 'When this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 2 "Genex" monsters from your Graveyard, and return them to the Deck.')
('Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz', 'If this card is Tributed by a card effect: You can add 1 Spellcaster-Type "Nekroz" Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is banished: You can send 1 "Nekroz" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz". You can only use 1 "Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Security Force Specimen', 'If your opponent controls a monster: Target 1 of your "Security Force" monsters that is banished or in your GY; Special Summon it to your field so that it faces a monster your opponent controls. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Security Force" monster you control; move that target to another of your Main Monster Zones. You can only use 1 "Security Force Specimen" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Wattkinetic Puppeteer', '(Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; move that target to another of their Main Monster Zones.')
('Traptrix Atrax', 'This card is unaffected by the effects of "Hole" Normal Trap Cards. You can activate "Hole" Normal Trap Cards from your hand. The activation and effects of Normal Trap Cards activated on your side of the field cannot be negated.')
('Falling Current', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control and declare a Level between 1 and 3; it becomes that Level.')
('Yaksha', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.')
('Inspector Boarder', "Cannot be Normal or Special Summoned if you control a monster. Neither player can activate monster effects unless the number of monster effects that player has previously activated that turn is less than the number of monster card types currently on the field (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, Pendulum, and Link). (If an effect's activation was negated, it still counts toward the total for that turn. Only count effects that were activated while this monster was face-up on the field.)")
('Mist Condor', 'You can Special Summon this card from your hand by returning 1 face-up "Mist Valley" monster you control to the hand. If you do, this card\'s ATK becomes 1700.')
('Pendulum Switch', 'You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; Special Summon it. You can target 1 Pendulum Monster in your Monster Zone; place that Pendulum Monster in your Pendulum Zone. You can only use 1 "Pendulum Switch" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Zoodiac Hammerkong', '3 or more Level 4 monsters\r\nOnce per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Zoodiac Hammerkong" by using 1 "Zoodiac" monster you control with a different name as Xyz Material. (If you used an Xyz Monster, any Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of all "Zoodiac" monsters attached to it as Materials. While this card has Xyz Material, your opponent cannot target face-up "Zoodiac" monsters on the field with card effects, except this one. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card.')
('Performapal Lebellman', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can increase the Levels of all Pendulum Summoned monsters you currently control by 1 (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can declare a Level from 1 to 5, then target 1 other "Performapal" monster you control; until the end of this turn, reduce this card\'s Level by the declared Level, and if you do, increase the Level or the other monster by the same amount.')
('Prank-Kids Rocket Ride', '2 "Prank-Kids" monsters\r\nIf this card is Fusion Summoned: You can have this card lose 1000 ATK this turn, also it can attack directly this turn. You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Prank-Kids" non-Fusion Monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them, but they cannot attack this turn. You can only use each effect of "Prank-Kids Rocket Ride" once per turn.')
('Archnemeses Protos', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 3 monsters with different Attributes from your GY and/or face-up field. Cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can declare 1 monster Attribute on the field; destroy all monsters on the field with that Attribute, also until the end of the next turn, neither player can Special Summon monsters with that Attribute. You can only use this effect of "Archnemeses Protos" once per turn.')
('World Legacy Struggle', 'Target Spells/Traps on the field, up to the number of co-linked monsters on the field; destroy them.')
('Chaos Scepter Blast', 'If you control a Level 8 or higher Spellcaster-Type monster: Banish 1 card on the field face-down. If this card in its owner\'s Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Magician of Black Chaos" or "Dark Magician of Chaos" from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Malefic Territory', 'When this card is activated: You can activate 1 "Malefic World" from your Deck. While that card is in the Field Zone, neither player can target a card(s) in the Field Zone with card effects. The "Malefic" monster effect, "There can only be 1 face-up "Malefic" monster on the field" becomes "There can only be 1 face-up "Malefic" monster on the field with the same name". During the Battle Phase, negate the effects of face-up "Malefic" monsters on the field.')
('Sillva, Warlord of Dark World', "If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Special Summon it from the Graveyard, then, if this card was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, your opponent returns exactly 2 cards from their hand to the bottom of their Deck, in any order.")
('Djinn Presider of Rituals', 'When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon. If the monster Ritual Summoned using this card destroys a monster by battle, the controller of the Ritual Monster draws 1 card.')
('Seed Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Seed of Flame". This Token cannot be used as a Tribute for a Tribute Summon.')
('Trackblack', '2 Effect Monsters\r\nYou can target 1 monster you control this card points to; this turn, each time it destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Trackblack" once per turn.')
('Rescueroid', 'When a "roid" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can return that monster to its owner\'s hand.')
('Nekogal #1', 'A pussycat-fairy. Contrary to her lovely beauty, she claws on her enemies.')
('Trickstar Fes', 'Special Summon 2 "Trickstar Tokens" (Fairy/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). If a "Trickstar" monster(s) you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only activate 1 "Trickstar Fes" per turn. You cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, except "Trickstar" monsters.')
('Puppet Parade', 'If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: Special Summon "Gimmick Puppet" monsters with different names from your Deck, up to the difference, then, if your opponent\'s LP are at least 2000 higher than yours, you can Set 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Normal Spell directly from your Deck. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Gimmick Puppet" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Puppet Parade" per turn.')
('Trap Trick', 'Banish 1 Normal Trap from your Deck, except "Trap Trick", and Set 1 card with the same name directly from your Deck, also it can be activated this turn. You can only activate 1 Trap Card for the rest of this turn after this card resolves. You can only activate 1 "Trap Trick" per turn.')
('ZW - Sleipnir Mail', 'You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It gains 1000 ATK. When this card you control is sent to your Graveyard because the equipped monster was destroyed by your opponent\'s card (by battle or card effect): You can target 1 "Utopia" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can only control 1 "ZW - Sleipnir Mail".')
('Number 50: Blackship of Corn', "2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to this card's; send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.")
('Black Rose Moonlight Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is Special Summoned, or a Level 5 or higher monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent\'s side of the field: Target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Black Rose Moonlight Dragon" once per turn.')
('Fossil Dragon Skullgar', '1 Rock monster + 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your opponent\'s GY\r\nMust first be Special Summoned with "Fossil Fusion". If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Fossil Fusion" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Fossil Dragon Skullgar" once per turn.')
('Charioteer of Prophecy', 'Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card to target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon - Overlord', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Rebellion" or "The Phantom Knights" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, using this card as material (this is treated as an Xyz Summon), then you can attach 1 card from your Pendulum Zone to it as material.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n2 Level 7 monsters\r\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Rebellion" Xyz Monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) If you can Pendulum Summon Level 7, you can Pendulum Summon this face-up card in your Extra Deck. This card that was Xyz Summoned using a Rank 7 Xyz Monster as material can make a second and third attack during each Battle Phase. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone. You can only Special Summon "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon - Overlord(s)" once per turn.')
('Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon', '3 Level 5 Winged Beast-Type monsters\nThis card can attack directly while it has Xyz Material. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy as many Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.')
('Red Potan', 'You can target 1 "Potan" monster you control; it is treated as a Tuner until the end of the next turn. If a monster is Synchro Summoned while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Potan" monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use each effect of "Red Potan" once per turn.')
('Number 99: Utopic Dragon', '3 Level 10 monsters\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by discarding 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card and using a "Utopia" monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) Once per turn: You can target 1 "Number" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but its effects are negated. During either player\'s turn, when a monster effect is activated that targets this face-up card: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Mythical Beast Master Cerberus', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf you have no card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy this card, and if you do, add 1 Level 7 or lower "Mythical Beast" Effect Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Master Cerberus" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nEach time a Spell Card is activated, place 2 Spell Counters on this card when that Spell resolves. Cannot be destroyed by card effects while 4 or more Spell Counters are on your field. Once per turn: You can remove 4 Spell Counters from your field, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it face-up, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to the banished monster\'s original ATK until the end of the opponent\'s turn.')
('Luminous Soldier', 'If this card battles a DARK monster, increase the ATK of this card by 500 points during the Damage Step only.')
('Security Force Bridgehead', 'When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Security Force" monster from your Deck to your hand. When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack on your "Security Force" monster in the same column: You can activate this effect; your monster cannot be destroyed by that battle. You can only use this effect of "Security Force Bridgehead" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Security Force Bridgehead" per turn.')
('Five Brothers Explosion', "When this card is activated: Gain 500 LP for each Continuous Spell/Trap Card you control. If this face-up card you control is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card effect: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Continuous Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard.")
('Mahjong Munia Maidens', 'FLIP: You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card.\r\nOnce per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.')
('Ojamuscle', '(This card is always treated as a "Ojama" card.)\r\nSelect 1 face-up "Ojama King". Destroy all "Ojama" monsters on the field, except the selected "Ojama King". It gains 1000 ATK for each monster destroyed this way.')
('Gruesome Goo', 'A slime boss that is definitely tougher than it looks.')
('Key Man the Key Warrior', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can make this card Level 3 until the End Phase.')
('Corrupted Keys', 'Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon 3 "Umbral Horror Mirage Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK ?/DEF 0). (When Summoned, each Token\'s ATK becomes equal to that Xyz Monster\'s current ATK. They cannot attack your opponent directly or be Tributed, except for a Tribute Summon.) When that face-up Xyz Monster leaves the field, destroy these Tokens.')
('Poison Fangs', 'Each time a Beast-Type monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Madolche Anjelly', 'If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into the Deck. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Madolche" monster from your Deck, but shuffle it into the Deck during the End Phase of your next turn. You can only use this effect of "Madolche Anjelly" once per turn. That Special Summoned monster cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Shadow Toon', 'If you control "Toon World": Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of that face-up monster. You can only activate 1 "Shadow Toon" per turn.')
('Hey, Trunade!', 'Return all Set Spells and Traps on the field to the hand.')
('Dark Magic Veil', 'Pay 1000 LP; Special Summon 1 DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard.')
('Volcanic Slicer', 'Once per turn, you can inflict 500 damage to your opponent. If you activate this effect, this card cannot attack during this turn.')
('Superheavy Samurai Scales', 'If your opponent controls 2 or more monsters and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Superheavy Samurai" monster in your Graveyard, except "Superheavy Samurai Scales"; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Scales" once per turn.')
('Cold Enchanter', 'You can discard 1 card to target 1 face-up monster on the field; place an Ice Counter on that target. This card gains 300 ATK for each Ice Counter on the field.')
('Black Pendant', 'The equipped monster gains 500 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Power Capsule', 'Select 1 face-up "Victory Viper XX03" you control to activate this card. Select 1 effect of "Victory Viper XX03", and apply it as this card\'s effect.')
('D Cubed', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: It is also treated as a "Destiny HERO" monster while face-up on the field. You can only use each of the following effects of "D Cubed" once per turn.\n● You can discard up to 2 cards; Special Summon "D Cubed" from your hand, Deck, and/or GY, equal to the number discarded, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Normal or Special Summon other monsters, except "Destiny HERO" monsters.\n● If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can send 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your Deck to the GY.')
('Cagna, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss', 'If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Cagna, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can send 1 "Burning Abyss" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('El Shaddoll Shekhinaga', '1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 EARTH monster\r\nMust first be Fusion Summoned. When a Special Summoned monster activates its effect while you have a "Shaddoll" card in your hand (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster, then send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your hand to the GY. You can only use this effect of "El Shaddoll Shekhinaga" once per turn. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap in your GY; add it to your hand.')
('Crystron Quariongandrax', '2 or more Tuners + 1 non-Tuner monster\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target monsters your opponent controls and/or in their Graveyard, up to the number of Synchro Materials used for the Synchro Summon of this card; banish them. If this Synchro Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 banished monster, except this card; Special Summon it to your field.')
('Scrap Lube', 'Select 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard. Its effects are negated. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is removed from the field, destroy this card. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Sacred Noble Knight of King Custennin', '2+ Level 4 "Noble Knight" monsters\nYou can detach any number of materials from this card, then target that many cards your opponent controls; return them to the hand. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Noble Knight" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Sacred Noble Knight of King Custennin", and if you do, attach this card from the GY to that monster as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon.) You can only use each effect of "Sacred Noble Knight of King Custennin" once per turn.')
('Live☆Twin Home', 'Discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 "Ki-sikil" monster or 1 "Lil-la" monster from your Deck, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Evil★Twin" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Live☆Twin Home" per turn.')
('Mammoth Graveyard', 'A mammoth that protects the graves of its pack and is absolutely merciless when facing grave-robbers.')
('Toon Alligator', 'An alligator monster straight from the cartoons.')
('Circle of the Fire Kings', 'Target 1 FIRE monster you control and 1 FIRE monster in your GY; destroy that monster you control, and if you do, Special Summon that other monster from your GY. You can only activate 1 "Circle of the Fire Kings" per turn.')
('Iron Dragon Tiamaton', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by the following effect. If 3 or more cards are in the same column (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Iron Dragon Tiamaton" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all other cards in this card\'s column. Neither player can use the unused zones in this card\'s column.')
('Blind Spot Strike', "Select 1 face-up Defense Position monster your opponent controls and 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control. The monster you control gains ATK equal to the opponent's monster's DEF, until the End Phase.")
('Barrier Statue of the Abyss', 'No monsters can be Special Summoned, except for DARK monsters.')
('The Legendary Fisherman III', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "The Legendary Fisherman". When this card is Special Summoned: You can banish all monsters your opponent controls, also this card cannot attack this turn. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also unaffected by Spell/Trap effects. Once per turn: You can return as many of your opponent\'s banished cards as possible to their GY, and if you do, the first battle or effect damage your opponent takes this turn becomes doubled.')
('Orcustrated Release', 'Tribute 2 Machine monsters, then target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it. If your opponent controls a Link Monster, you can target 2 monsters, instead. You can only activate 1 "Orcustrated Release" per turn.')
('Citadel Whale', 'If this card is in your hand or GY: You can Tribute 2 WATER monsters; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Citadel Whale" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: You can Set 1 "Sea Stealth Attack" directly from your Deck. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets 1 WATER monster you control (and no other cards) (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Elemental HERO Knospe', 'Each time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: It gains 100 ATK and loses 100 DEF. While you control another face-up "Elemental HERO" monster, your opponent cannot target this card for an attack, and this card can attack your opponent directly.')
('Don Turtle', 'When this card is Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned, you can Special Summon any number of "Don Turtle"(s) from your hand.')
('Tachyon Transmigration', 'If you control a "Galaxy-Eyes" monster: Negate the activations of your opponent\'s Spell/Trap Cards and monster effects activated before this card in this Chain, and if you do, shuffle the negated cards on the field into the Deck. If you control a "Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon" monster, you can activate this card from your hand.')
('Donyoribo @Ignister', 'During damage calculation, if your "@Ignister" monster is attacked (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; you take no battle damage from that battle. When an "@Ignister" monster effect, or "A.I." Spell/Trap Card or effect, is activated that inflicts damage to your opponent, even during the Damage Step (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY; double that damage inflicted to your opponent. You can only use each effect of "Donyoribo @Ignister" once per turn.')
('Cell Explosion Virus', "Activate only when an opponent's monster with an A-Counter declares an attack. Destroy all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.")
('Mithra the Thunder Vassal', 'If this card is in your hand: You can activate this effect; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, also Special Summon this card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Vassal Token" (Thunder-Type/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 800/DEF 1000) to your opponent\'s field in Defense Position. If this card is Tributed for a Tribute Summon: You can activate this effect; you can Tribute Summon 1 monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set this turn. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) You can only use each effect of "Mithra the Thunder Vassal" once per turn.')
('Special Hurricane', 'Discard 1 card from your hand. Destroy all Special Summoned monsters on the field.')
('Timestar Magician', '2 Level 4 "Magician" Pendulum Monsters\r\nMust first be Xyz Summoned with the above Xyz Materials. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add to your hand, 1 DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck, Graveyard, or face-up from your Extra Deck. Once per turn, if a Pendulum Monster Card(s) in your Monster Zone or Pendulum Zone would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can send 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard instead.')
('SPYRAL Resort', 'Your opponent cannot target other "SPYRAL" cards you control with card effects. Once per turn: You can add 1 "SPYRAL" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, during your End Phase, shuffle 1 monster from your Graveyard into the Deck or destroy this card.')
('Dragon Capture Jar', 'Change all face-up Dragon-Type monsters on the field to Defense Position, also they cannot change their battle positions.')
('Chime of the Windwitch', 'Target 1 "Windwitch" monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Windwitch" monster with a different name from your Deck in Defense Position. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, except WIND monsters. You can only activate 1 "Chime of the Windwitch" per turn.')
('Booster Dragon', '2 "Rokket" monsters\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; it gains 500 ATK/DEF. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect\'s activation. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can target 1 other Dragon monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Booster Dragon" once per turn.')
('Clear Vice Dragon', 'You are unaffected by the effects of "Clear World". If this card attacks an opponent\'s monster, the ATK of this card becomes twice the ATK of the attack target, during damage calculation only. If this card would be destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, you can discard 1 card instead.')
('Garmr of the Nordic Beasts', 'If this card battles a Level 4 or lower monster, after damage calculation: You can return that monster to the hand.')
('Steelswarm Cell', 'If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed, except for the Tribute Summon of a "Steelswarm" monster, and cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.')
('Link Streamer', 'When a Cyberse monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Data Token" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Link Streamer" once per turn.')
('King of the Feral Imps', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 Reptile-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('DMZ Dragon', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster in your GY and 1 Dragon monster you control; equip that monster in your GY to that monster on the field as an Equip Spell that makes it gain 500 ATK. At the end of the Damage Step, if your monster equipped with an Equip Card attacked: You can banish this card from your GY; destroy as many cards as possible equipped to that monster you control, and if you do, that monster can make a second attack in a row.')
('Pyramid Turtle', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 Zombie monster with 2000 or less DEF from your Deck.')
('Meteor Black Dragon', '"Red-Eyes Black Dragon" + "Meteor Dragon"')
("Enishi, Shien's Chancellor", 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 "Six Samurai" monsters from your GY. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster; destroy that target. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated.')
('Salamangreat Miragestallio', '2 Level 3 monsters\r\nYou can detach 1 material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, also you cannot activate monster effects for the rest of this turn, except FIRE monsters. If this Xyz Summoned card is sent to the GY as material for the Link Summon of a "Salamangreat" monster: You can target 1 monster on the field; return it to the hand. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Miragestallio" once per turn.')
('Rainbow Dragon', '(This card is always treated as an "Ultimate Crystal" card.)\r\nCannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 7 "Crystal Beast" cards with different names on your field and/or GY. This card cannot activate the following effects the turn it is Special Summoned. (Quick Effect): You can send all face-up "Crystal Beast" monsters you control to the GY; this card gains 1000 ATK for each monster sent to the GY. You can banish all "Crystal Beast" monsters from your GY; shuffle all cards on the field into the Deck.')
('Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust', 'If you control a "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust" once per turn this way. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 other "Blackwing" monster you control; increase this card\'s Level by that monster\'s.')
('Hydrotortoise, the Empowered Warrior', 'FLIP: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Pilgrim of the Ice Barrier', 'This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster with 1900 or more ATK.')
('Terra the Terrible', 'Known as a swamp dweller, this creature is a minion of the dark forces.')
('Last Resort', 'Activate only when your opponent\'s monster declares an attack. You can select 1 "Ancient City - Rainbow Ruins" from your Deck and activate it. If your opponent had an active Field Spell Card when this card was activated, they can draw 1 card.')
('Red Nova', 'If a Level 8 or higher Dragon-Type Synchro Monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Red Nova" once per turn this way. If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon that uses 2 or more Tuner monsters as Materials: You can Special Summon 1 FIRE Fiend-Type monster from your Deck in Defense Position.')
('The Weather Auroral Canvas', '"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card\'s column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.\n● When exactly 1 card is added to one player\'s hand (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card; banish the added card, and if you do, that player draws 1 card.\nYou can only control 1 "The Weather Auroral Canvas".')
('Prompthorn', 'You can Tribute 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster; Special Summon any number of Cyberse Normal Monsters from your Deck and/or GY whose total Levels equal the Tributed monster\'s Level on the field, but banish them during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Prompthorn" once per turn.')
('Magic Reflector', 'Target 1 face-up Spell Card you control; place 1 counter on it. If it would ever be destroyed, remove the counter instead.')
('Metamorphosis', 'Tribute 1 monster. Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck with the same Level as the Tributed monster.')
('Armored Bee', "Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; halve that target's ATK until the End Phase.")
('Hayate the Earth Star', 'If only your opponent controls a monster, or if you control a LIGHT monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 LIGHT Warrior monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Hayate the Earth Star" once per turn. Once per turn, when your Warrior monster is targeted for an attack: You can make this card lose exactly 500 ATK, and if you do, negate the attack.')
('Red Sparrow Summoner', "When this card you control is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Warrior-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck in Attack Position.")
('Lighten the Load', 'Once per turn, you can add 1 Level 7 or higher monster from your hand to your Deck and shuffle it, then draw 1 card.')
('Earthshaker', 'Select 2 Monster Card Attributes. Your opponent then selects 1 of the 2 Attributes and destroys all face-up monsters with that Attribute on the field.')
('Clear Wall of the Ice Barrier', 'When this card is activated: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Ice Barrier" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. While you control 3 or more "Ice Barrier" monsters, "Ice Barrier" monsters you control are unaffected by activated effects from any opponent\'s monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "Clear Wall of the Ice Barrier" once per turn.')
('Traptrix Dionaea', 'This card is unaffected by the effects of "Hole" Normal Trap Cards. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Traptrix" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Hole" Normal Trap Card in your Graveyard; Set that target, but banish it during the End Phase of your next turn if it is still on the field. You can only use this effect of "Traptrix Dionaea" once per turn.')
('Babycerasaurus', 'If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Dinosaur-Type monster from your Deck.')
('Cyber Energy Shock', 'If you control "Jinzo": Target 1 card on the field; destroy it, then if it was a Trap, you can apply 1 of these effects.\r\n● Negate the effects of 1 face-up card on the field until the end of this turn.\r\n● Each "Jinzo" you control gains 800 ATK.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Cyber Energy Shock" per turn.')
('Gem-Knight Crystal', "A Gem-Knight officer of high rank, who has optimized the use of the crystal powers. Despite his ability to overwhelm most opponents, he's wary of stretching himself too thin, and opts for solidarity with his comrades.")
('Filo, Messenger Fur Hire', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Filo, Messenger Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster "Fur Hire" in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but place it on the bottom of the Deck if it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Filo, Messenger Fur Hire" once per turn.')
('Meklord Fortress', '"Meklord Emperor" monsters you control cannot be targeted by the effects of Synchro Monsters. When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Meklord Emperor" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Ally of Justice Decisive Armor', "1 Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters \n Once per turn, if your opponent controls a face-up LIGHT monster(s), you can activate 1 of these effects:\n● Select 1 Set card your opponent controls, and destroy it.\n● Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy all Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls.\n● Send all cards in your hand to the Graveyard to look at your opponent's hand and send all LIGHT monsters in their hand to the Graveyard. Then, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the total ATK of the opponent's monsters sent to the Graveyard.")
('Meda Bat', 'An eyeball fiend created by a servant of the wicked, it uses "Dark Blasts" to blow away its enemies.')
('Archfiend Palabyrinth', 'All Fiend-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK. You can target 1 "Archfiend" monster you control; banish 1 other Fiend-Type monster you control, and if you do, Special Summon from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, 1 "Archfiend" monster with same Level as the targeted monster. You can only use this effect of "Archfiend Palabyrinth" once per turn.')
('Gren, Tactician of Dark World', 'If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Ritual Cage', 'You take no battle damage from attacks involving a Ritual Monster you control. Ritual Monsters you control cannot be targeted by, or destroyed by, monster effects.')
('Dragon Shield', 'Equip only to a Dragon-Type monster. It cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects. Neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving it.')
('Super Roboyarou', '"Roboyarou" + "Robolady"\nYou can Special Summon "Super Robolady" by returning this card from the field to the Extra Deck. You cannot use this effect during the same turn this monster is Special Summoned. In addition, increase the ATK of this monster by 1000 points during the Damage Step when this monster battles with a monster.')
('Cure Mermaid', 'As long as this card remains face-up on your side of the field, increase your Life Points by 800 points during each of your Standby Phases.')
('Loop of Destruction', 'This card\'s name becomes "Ring of Destruction" while on the field. Once per turn, if a monster(s) on the field is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it, and if you do, each player takes 500 damage.')
('Mirror Gate', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack targeting a face-up "Elemental HERO" monster you control: Switch control of the opponent\'s attacking monster with the targeted monster you control, then calculate damage. Control of both monsters switches back during the End Phase.')
('Infernity Reflector', 'Activate only by discarding all the cards in your hand when an "Infernity" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard. Select and Special Summon that monster from your Graveyard, and inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.')
('Accesscode Talker', '2+ Effect Monsters\nYour opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this card\'s effect activations. If this card is Link Summoned: You can target 1 Link Monster that was used as material for its Link Summon; this card gains ATK equal to that monster\'s Link Rating x 1000. You can banish 1 Link Monster from your field or GY; destroy 1 card your opponent controls, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot banish monsters with that same Attribute to activate this effect of "Accesscode Talker".')
('Radius, the Half-Moon Dragon', "If your opponent controls a face-up Xyz Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If you do, this card's Level becomes 8.")
('Psychic Trigger', "Activate only while your Life Points are lower than your opponent's. Select 2 Psychic-Type monsters in your Graveyard. Remove them from play and draw 2 cards.")
('Curse of Darkness', 'Each time a Spell Card is activated, immediately after it resolves, the player that activated it takes 1000 damage.')
('Prank-Kids Meow-Meow-Mu', '1 Level 4 or lower "Prank-Kids" monster\r\nYou can only Link Summon "Prank-Kids Meow-Meow-Mu" once per turn. If a "Prank-Kids" monster you control would Tribute itself to activate its effect during your opponent\'s turn, you can banish this card you control or from your GY instead. You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Meow-Meow-Mu" once per turn.')
('Incarnated Machine Angel', 'Your "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monsters cannot be destroyed by battle. When you take damage by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: You can Tribute 1 "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster from your hand or field; Special Summon 1 "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster from your hand. (This is treated as a Ritual Summon.) You can only use this effect of "Incarnated Machine Angel" once per turn.')
('Sonic Shooter', "If there are no cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone, this card can attack your opponent directly. If it does, the battle damage inflicted to your opponent is the original ATK of this card.")
('Brute Enforcer', '2 Effect Monsters\nYou can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; your opponent can discard 1 card with the same original card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap) as that face-up card to negate this effect, otherwise destroy that face-up card. You can only use this effect of "Brute Enforcer" once per turn.')
('Shiranui Spectralsword Shade', 'You can Tribute this card, then target 2 of your banished Zombie monsters, except "Shiranui Spectralsword Shade", including a "Shiranui" monster; Special Summon them in Defense Position, but negate their effects, also, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Zombie monsters. You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Spectralsword Shade" once per turn.')
('Abyss Actor - Hyper Director', '1 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster\r\nYou can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; Special Summon it, then place 1 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster with a different name, from your Deck or face-up Extra Deck, to your Pendulum Zone, also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Abyss Actor" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Hyper Director" once per turn.')
('Alien Warrior', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, place 2 A-Counters on the monster that destroyed it. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.)')
('Elemental HERO Poison Rose', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Rose Bud" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Each time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: It gains 200 ATK and loses 200 DEF. Your opponent can only target "Elemental HERO Poison Rose" for attacks.')
('Roaring Earth', 'If a Beast-Type monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If you inflict battle damage to your opponent with this effect: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses 500 ATK and DEF. (This remains even if this card leaves the field.)')
('The Weather Rainy Canvas', '"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card\'s column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.\r\n● You can banish this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls (Quick Effect); return it to the hand.\r\nYou can only control 1 "The Weather Rainy Canvas".')
('Flash Knight', 'The power of the pendulum flashes forth from this shining knight.')
('Artifact Achilleshield', 'You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent\'s turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent\'s turn: Your opponent cannot target "Artifact" monsters you control for attacks for the rest of this turn.')
('Silent Insect', 'This card is changed to Defense Position when it is Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned. Negate the effects of all Continuous Spell Cards and Continuous Trap Cards.')
('Madolche Waltz', 'Each time a "Madolche" monster you control attacks or is attacked, after damage calculation: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.')
('Sealmaster Meisei', 'One of the few people who has a good command of Talismans. His history is a mystery.')
('Wind-Up Honeybee', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Wind-Up" monster from your Deck.')
('Galaxy Brave', 'If this card is in your hand: You can reveal 1 "Photon" monster in your hand; Special Summon this card, and if you do, its Level becomes the Level of that "Photon" monster. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Galaxy" monster in your GY; this card\'s ATK/DEF become that monster\'s ATK/DEF. You can only use each effect of "Galaxy Brave" once per turn.')
('Necrovalley', 'All "Gravekeeper\'s" monsters gain 500 ATK and DEF. Cards in the Graveyard cannot be banished. Negate any card effect that would move a card in the Graveyard to a different place. Negate any card effect that changes Types or Attributes in the Graveyard.')
('D/D Proud Ogre', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 "D/D" monster you control; it gains 500 ATK (even if this card leaves the field). Unless you have a "D/D" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card\'s Pendulum Scale becomes 5.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 face-up DARK Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, but it has its effects negated, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "D/D" monsters.')
('Deskbot 005', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Deskbot" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. This card gains 500 ATK for each face-up "Deskbot" monster in your Extra Deck. If this card in the Pendulum Zone is destroyed: You can target 1 "Deskbot" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Deskbot 005" once per turn.')
('Dreamsprite', "When attacked by your opponent's monster, select another 1 of your Monster Cards and designate it as the attack's target, then calculate damage.")
('Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi', 'You can only control 1 "Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi". When a "Mayakashi" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field from the Extra Deck, while this card is in the GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except "Mayakashi" monsters.')
('Elemental HERO Wild Wingman', '"Elemental HERO Wildheart" + "Elemental HERO Avian"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can discard 1 card to target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Accel Synchron', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can send 1 "Synchron" monster from your Deck to the GY, then activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Increase this card\'s Level by the Level of the sent monster.\r\n● Reduce this card\'s Level by the Level of the sent monster.\r\nDuring your opponent\'s Main Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control. You can only Synchro Summon "Accel Synchron" once per turn.')
('Metalfoes Steelen', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nCool iron bodies meet burning metal machines and man/machine combine. Burn up the soul - Metalfoes Fusion!!')
('Genex Turbine', 'All face-up "Genex" monsters you control gain 400 ATK.')
('Flower Cardian Peony with Butterfly', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Peony with Butterfly". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then, if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster, look at the top 3 cards of your opponent\'s Deck, then place them all on the top or bottom of the Deck in any order. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. When this card is used as Synchro Material, you can treat it and all other Synchro Materials (that have a Level) as Level 2 monsters.')
('Metal Reflect Slime', 'Special Summon this card in Defense Position as an Effect Monster (Aqua/WATER/Level 10/ATK 0/DEF 3000). (This card is also still a Trap.) This card cannot attack.')
('Crystron Smiger', 'You can target 1 face-up card you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Machine-Type Synchro Monsters, also, destroy that card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Crystron" Tuner from your Deck. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Crystron" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Crystron Smiger" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Foolish Burial Goods', 'Send 1 Spell/Trap from your Deck to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Foolish Burial Goods" per turn.')
('Charge Into a Dark World', 'Target 1 Level 4 or lower Fiend monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then discard 1 Fiend monster. You can only activate 1 "Charge Into a Dark World" per turn.')
('Dinomist Ceratops', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf another "Dinomist" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect, you can destroy this card instead.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf all monsters you control are "Dinomist" monsters (min. 1), and none are "Dinomist Ceratops", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Morpheus, the Dream Mirror White Knight', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dream Mirror" monster: You can activate this effect; this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn. During the Main or Battle Phase, if "Dream Mirror of Terror" is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Morpheus, the Dream Mirror Black Knight" from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Morpheus, the Dream Mirror White Knight" once per turn.')
('Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo', 'If this card is flipped face-up: Destroy all Special Summoned monsters on the field. Neither player can Special Summon monsters.')
('Kuribon', "During damage calculation, if this card is attacked by your opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; you take no battle damage from that battle, your opponent gains LP equal to the attacking monster's ATK, also you return this card to your hand.")
('Trap of the Imperial Tomb', "When a Zombie monster(s) is Special Summoned from your opponent's GY to your field: Target 2 cards on the field; destroy them.")
('Fairy Cheer Girl', '2 Level 4 Fairy-Type monsters\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Fairy Cheer Girl" once per turn.')
('R-Genex Turbo', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, you can add 1 Level 1 "Genex" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Yang Zing Path', 'Target 3 "Yang Zing" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Yang Zing Path" per turn.')
('Return Soul', "Activate only during the End Phase. You can return up to 3 monsters destroyed this turn from the Graveyard to their owners' Decks.")
('Decayed Commander', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Zombie Tiger" from your hand. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Discard 1 random card from their hand.')
('Speedroid Razorang', 'Cannot attack the turn it is Normal Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, that target loses 800 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Junk Collector', "(Quick Effect): You can banish this card on the field and 1 Normal Trap in your GY; apply that banished Trap's effect. (The Trap's activation requirements must still be correct, but costs are not paid.)")
('Holy Night Rayel', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Holy Night" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Holy Night" monster in your GY, except "Holy Night Rayel"; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Holy Night Rayel" once per turn.')
('Blue-Eyes White Dragon', 'This legendary dragon is a powerful engine of destruction. Virtually invincible, very few have faced this awesome creature and lived to tell the tale.')
('Dragonmaid Tidying', 'Target 1 Dragon monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls or in their GY; return them to the hand. You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY in Defense Position, but return it to the hand during the End Phase. You can only use 1 "Dragonmaid Tidying" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('The Agent of Force - Mars', 'This card is unaffected by any Spell Cards. While you control a face-up "The Sanctuary in the Sky" and your Life Points are higher than your opponent\'s, this card gains ATK and DEF by the difference between your and your opponent\'s Life Points.')
('Fabled Leviathan', '1 "Fabled" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can select up to 3 "Fabled" monsters in your Graveyard. Add them to your hand.')
('Bandit', "If your LP are 1500 or less, activate this Skill. Take control of 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. ")
('Scrap Soldier', 'This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Scrap" monster. If this face-up Defense Position card is selected as an attack target, destroy this card at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, except "Scrap Soldier", and add it to your hand.')
('Bicular', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Unicycular" from your hand or Deck.')
('Tribe-Infecting Virus', 'Discard 1 card from your hand and declare 1 Type of monster. Destroy all face-up monsters of the declared Type on the field.')
('Dragoncaller Magician', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; it becomes Dragon-Type until the end of your opponent's turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can make this card become Dragon-Type until the end of this turn. A monster that was Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Summoned using this card on the field as Material gains this effect.\r\n● If this card battles a Dragon-Type monster, this card's ATK becomes double its original ATK during the Damage Step only.")
('Onomatopia', 'Each time a "Utopia" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field, place 1 Hi-Five the Sky Counter on this card. All monsters you control gain 200 ATK and DEF for each Hi-Five the Sky Counter on this card. Once per turn: You can remove 2 Hi-Five the Sky Counters from this card; Special Summon 1 "Zubaba", "Gagaga", "Gogogo", or "Dododo" monster from your Deck.')
('Laval Blaster', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, if you have a "Laval" monster in your Graveyard other than "Laval Blaster": You can choose a number from 1 to 5, then send that many cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard; this card gains 200 ATK for each "Laval" monster sent to the Graveyard to activate this effect.')
('Synchron Explorer', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Synchron" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, but its effects are negated.')
('Junk Puppet', 'Target 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only activate 1 "Junk Puppet" per turn.')
('D.D. Guide', "When this card is Normal Summoned, give control of it to your opponent. During each player's End Phase, your opponent selects 1 card from the Graveyard of this card's controller and removes it from play.")
('Moon Dance Ritual', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 WIND Xyz Monster you control that has no Xyz Materials. While that monster is on the field, negate the effects of all face-up monsters on the field. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card. During the End Phase of the turn this card was activated: Attach this card to that monster as an Xyz Material.')
("Battlin' Boxer Counterpunch", 'During the Damage Step of either player\'s turn, when a "Battlin\' Boxer" monster you control is attacking or being attacked: You can banish this card from your hand or Graveyard; that monster gains 1000 ATK, until the end of this turn. You can only use the effect of "Battlin\' Boxer Counterpunch" once per turn.')
('Iron Core Immediate Disposal', 'Select and send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your Deck to your Graveyard.')
('Echo Oscillation', 'You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; destroy it, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Echo Oscillation" once per turn.')
('Vampire Hunter', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a DARK monster: Destroy that monster.')
('Flame Cerebrus', 'Known to many as the "Burning Executioner", this monster is capable of burning enemies to cinders.')
('Damage Translation', 'Halve all effect damage you take this turn. During the End Phase this turn, Special Summon 1 "Ghost Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position for each time you took effect damage this turn.')
('Copy Plant', "Once per turn: You can target 1 other Plant-Type monster on the field that has a Level; this card's Level becomes that monster's current Level, until the end of this turn.")
('Lee the World Chalice Fairy', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "World Chalice" monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 monster from your hand or field to the GY; add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Lee the World Chalice Fairy" once per turn.')
('Xyz Encore', "Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls that has Xyz Material; detach all Xyz Materials from it, and if you do, return it to the Extra Deck, then, if there is a Monster Card in the Graveyard among those detached Xyz Materials, Special Summon as many of those monsters as possible from the Graveyard to your opponent's side of the field in face-up Defense Position. Their Levels are reduced by 1 on the field. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this card's activation.")
('Junk Forward', 'If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Gemini Ablation', 'During the Main Phase: You can discard 1 card, then activate 1 of these effects;\n● Special Summon 1 Gemini monster from your Deck as an Effect Monster that gains its effects.\n● Tribute 1 Gemini monster, and if you do, Special Summon 1 FIRE Warrior monster from your hand or Deck. Then, if you Tributed a Gemini monster that was treated as an Effect Monster and had gained its effects, you can also destroy 1 card on the field.\nYou can only use this effect of "Gemini Ablation" once per turn.')
('Success Probability 0%', "Send 2 random Fusion Monsters from your opponent's Extra Deck to the Graveyard.")
('Purple Poison Magician', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if your DARK Spellcaster-Type monster battles, before damage calculation: You can activate this effect; that monster gains 1200 ATK (until the end of the Damage Step), then destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n(This card is always treated as a "Fusion Dragon" card.)\r\nIf this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it.')
('Zubaba Knight', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a face-up Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.')
('Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned by its own effect. You can reveal this card in your hand; draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then Special Summon this card if the drawn card is a "Flower Cardian" monster. Otherwise, send it and this card to the Graveyard. During either player\'s Damage Step, when your "Flower Cardian" monster battles an opponent\'s monster: You can discard this card; your battling monster gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Naturia Ragweed', 'When your opponent draws a card(s), except during the Draw Phase, you can send this face-up card you control to the Graveyard to draw 2 cards.')
('Metalfoes Vanisher', 'You can target 2 face-up cards you control, including a "Metalfoes" card; destroy them, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Metalfoes" card: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls or in their GY; banish it. You can only use each effect of "Metalfoes Vanisher" once per turn.')
('Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 face-up Continuous Spell Cards you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. While this card is in face-up Defense Position, monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters for attacks, except this one.")
('Vortex the Whirlwind', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Winged Beast-Type monsters\nWhen this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Winged Beast-Type monster from your Deck.')
('Hydro Pressure Cannon', "Equip only to a Level 3 or lower WATER monster. If it destroys an opponent's monster by battle, send 1 random card in your opponent's hand to the Graveyard.")
('Lightsworn Sanctuary', 'Once per turn: You can send 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 other "Lightsworn" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. Each time a card(s) is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard, place 1 Shine Counter on this card. If a "Lightsworn" card(s) you control would be destroyed by a card effect, you can remove 2 Shine Counters from your side of the field for each of those "Lightsworn" card(s) instead.')
('Sixth Sense', 'Declare 2 numbers from 1 to 6, then your opponent rolls a six-sided die, and if the result is one of the numbers you declared, you draw that many cards. Otherwise, send a number of cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard equal to the result.')
('U.A. Playmaker', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Playmaker". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Playmaker" once per turn this way. When another "U.A." monster you control declares an attack: You can have this card lose exactly 800 ATK, and if it does, your attacking monster gains 800 ATK.')
('Shiranui Spectralsword', 'If this card is in your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can target 1 non-Tuner Zombie monster in your GY; banish both it and this card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Zombie Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck whose Level equals the total Levels those 2 monsters had. You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Spectralsword" once per turn.')
('Zaphion, the Timelord', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Shuffle all Spells and Traps your opponent controls into the Deck. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can draw 1 card. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.')
('Mei-Kou, Master of Barriers', 'You can Tribute this card, then target 1 face-up Continuous Spell or Continuous Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Constellar Caduceus', 'If you control a "Constellar" monster other than "Constellar Caduceus": You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During your Main Phase: You can add 1 "Constellar" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each of the preceding effects of "Constellar Caduceus" once per turn. A "Constellar" Xyz Monster that has this card as material gains this effect.\r\n● Before damage calculation, if this card battles a LIGHT or DARK monster: You can banish that monster.')
('Ally of Justice Light Gazer', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nThis card gains 200 ATK for each LIGHT monster in your opponent's Graveyard.")
('Thunderclap Monk', 'When your opponent activates a monster effect while you control this Special Summoned monster (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 Thunder monster from your hand in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Thunderclap Monk" once per turn.')
('Spell Reactor RE', 'Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card, you can destroy the Spell Card and inflict 800 damage to your opponent.')
('Concentrating Current', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains ATK equal to its current DEF, until the end of this turn. Other monsters you control cannot attack during the turn you activate this card.')
('Fish and Swaps', 'Discard 1 card to target 2 of your banished Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monsters; add them to your hand.')
('Merlin', 'You can only use each effect of "Merlin" once per turn.\n● You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster from your Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except "Noble Knight" monsters.\n● (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY; immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 "Noble Knight" Synchro Monster using monsters you control.\n● (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY; immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 "Noble Knight" Xyz Monster using monsters you control.')
('Laval Lakeside Lady', 'If this card is in your Graveyard and you have 3 or more "Laval" monsters with different names in your Graveyard: You can banish this card and 1 other "Laval" monster from your Graveyard to target 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Number C73: Abyss Supra Splash', '3 Level 6 monsters\nIf a monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster, during damage calculation (in either player\'s turn): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card once per battle; your battling monster gains ATK equal to the ATK of the opponent\'s monster it is battling, during that damage calculation only. If this card has "Number 73: Abyss Splash" as Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● This card cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Good Goblin Housekeeping', 'Draw cards equal to the number of "Good Goblin Housekeeping" cards in your Graveyard +1, then select 1 card from your hand and return it to the bottom of your Deck.')
('Hamburger Recipe', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Hungry Burger". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Level Stars equal 6 or more from the field or your hand.')
('Number 27: Dreadnought Dreadnoid', '2+ Level 4 monsters\r\nAt the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Rank 10 or higher Machine Xyz Monster by using this face-up card you control as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.) You can only use this effect of "Number 27: Dreadnought Dreadnoid" once per turn. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can detach 1 material from this card instead.')
('Edge Hammer', 'Tribute 1 "Elemental HERO Bladedge" to target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target and inflict damage to your opponent equal to that target\'s original ATK.')
('1st Movement Solo', 'If you control no monsters: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Melodious" monster from your hand or Deck. You can only activate 1 "1st Movement Solo" per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters during the turn you activate this card, except "Melodious" monsters.')
('The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnetring', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Negate that attack, then Special Summon this card in Attack Position as an Effect Monster (Warrior/DARK/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 0) with the following effect. (This card is NOT treated as a Trap.)\n● (Quick Effect): You can send this card and 1 face-up card you control to the GY (either a "The Phantom Knights" monster or a "Phantom Knights" Continuous Spell/Trap); draw 2 cards.')
('Recoded Alive', 'Target 1 Link-3 Cyberse Link Monster you control or is in your GY; banish it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Code Talker" monster from your Extra Deck. If you control no monsters in the Extra Monster Zone: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 of your banished "Code Talker" monsters; Special Summon it.')
('Baobaboon', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can draw 1 card, then place 1 card from your hand on either the top or bottom of your Deck. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon any number of "Baobaboon" from your Deck.')
('Fiendish Rhino Warrior', 'Fiend monsters you control, except "Fiendish Rhino Warrior", cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If this card is sent to the GY: You can send 1 Fiend monster from your Deck to the GY, except "Fiendish Rhino Warrior". You can only use this effect of "Fiendish Rhino Warrior" once per turn.')
('Silpheed', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 WIND monster in your Graveyard. When this card is destroyed as a result of battle and sent to the Graveyard, your opponent discards 1 random card from their hand.')
('Crusadia Arboria', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon "Crusadia Arboria" once per turn this way. If a "Crusadia" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your field or GY instead. You can only use this effect of "Crusadia Arboria" once per turn.')
('Strategist of the Ice Barrier', 'Once per turn, you can send 1 "Ice Barrier" monster from your hand to the Graveyard to draw 1 card.')
('Prominence, Molten Swordsman', 'Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can banish 1 "Laval" monster from your Graveyard; this card gains 300 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Overflow Dragon', 'When a monster(s) on the field is destroyed by card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then, if 2 or more monsters on the field were destroyed by that card effect, you can Special Summon 1 "Overflow Token" (Dragon/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Overflow Dragon" once per turn.')
('Strong Wind Dragon', 'Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has the same ATK. If this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a Dragon-Type monster: It gains ATK equal to half the original ATK of the Tributed monster. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Striker Dragon', '1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Boot Sector Launch" from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 face-up monster you control and 1 "Rokket" monster in your GY; destroy that monster on the field, and if you do, add that other monster from the GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Striker Dragon" once per turn.')
("Destrudo the Lost Dragon's Frisson", 'If this card is in your hand or GY: You can pay half your LP, then target 1 Level 6 or lower monster you control; Special Summon this card, and if you do, this card\'s Level is reduced by the Level of the targeted monster, also place this card on the bottom of the Deck if it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Destrudo the Lost Dragon\'s Frisson" once per turn.')
("Archfiend's Call", '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nThis card\'s name becomes "Summoned Skull" on the field, but is still treated as an "Archfiend" card. Your opponent cannot target any "Summoned Skull" you control with card effects. If this Synchro Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent\'s card: You can Special Summon 1 "Summoned Skull" from your hand, Deck, or GY.')
('Numeron Calling', 'If "Numeron Network" is in your Field Zone and you control no monsters: Special Summon up to 4 "Numeron Gate" Xyz Monsters from your Extra Deck with different names, but banish them during the End Phase, also you can only Normal or Special Summon once for the rest of this turn.')
('Amazoness Onslaught', 'Once per turn, during the Battle Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Amazoness" monster from your hand, and if you do, it gains 500 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). After damage calculation, if your "Amazoness" monster battled an opponent\'s monster while this card is already face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone: You can banish that opponent\'s monster. If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Amazoness" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.')
('Fortune Lady Dark', 'This card\'s ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 400. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When a face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can select and Special Summon 1 "Fortune Lady" monster from your Graveyard.')
('Mathmech Superfactorial', 'Target up to 3 "Mathmech" monsters in your GY with different names, then activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Special Summon them, but their effects are negated, then, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 "Mathmech" Synchro Monster using only those monsters, and shuffle the materials into the Deck instead of sending them to the GY.\r\n● Special Summon them, but their effects are negated, then, immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 "Mathmech" Xyz Monster using only those monsters.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Mathmech Superfactorial" per turn.')
('Alien Grey', 'FLIP: Place 1 A-Counter on 1 face-up monster on your opponent\'s side of the field. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.) After this card has been flipped face-up, when it is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.')
('Unchained Soul of Disaster', 'Gains 300 ATK for each "Unchained" card in your GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Unchained Soul of Disaster" once per turn.\n● You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 DARK Link Monster using only this card you control and that opponent\'s monster as material.\n● If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Unchained" monster in your GY, except "Unchained Soul of Disaster"; Special Summon it.')
('Vampire Lady', 'When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); your opponent sends 1 card of that type from their Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Dark Advance', 'During either player\'s Main Phase or Battle Phase: Target 1 monster in your Graveyard with 2400 or more ATK and 1000 DEF; add it to your hand, then immediately after this effect resolves, you can Tribute Summon 1 monster with 2400 or more ATK and 1000 DEF in face-up Attack Position. You can only activate 1 "Dark Advance" per turn.')
('The Blazing Mars', 'While this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can banish 3 other monsters from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card, also you cannot Special Summon other monsters for the rest of this turn. During your Main Phase 1: You can send all other monsters you control to the Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster sent to the Graveyard. You can only use each effect of "The Blazing Mars" once per turn.')
('Voltic Kong', "When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Send 1 card from the top of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard for each face-up LIGHT monster you control.")
("Phantom Knights' Sword", 'Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 800 ATK, also if that target would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy this card instead. When it leaves the field, destroy this card. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Phantom Knights\' Sword" once per turn.')
('Xyz Import', 'Target 1 Xyz Monster you control and 1 monster your opponent controls with an equal or lower ATK; attach that opponent\'s monster to your monster as material. You can only activate 1 "Xyz Import" per turn.')
('Junk Speeder', '1 "Synchron" Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon as many "Synchron" Tuners as possible with different Levels from your Deck, in Defense Position. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Synchro Monsters, the turn you activate this effect. When an attack is declared involving this card that was Synchro Summoned this turn and another monster: You can make this card\'s ATK become double its original ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Junk Speeder" once per turn.')
('Digital Bug Rhinosebus', "2 or more Level 7 LIGHT Insect-Type monsters\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by detaching 2 Xyz Materials from a Rank 5 or 6 Insect-Type Xyz Monster you control, then using that Xyz Monster as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy the face-up monster(s) your opponent controls with the highest DEF (all, if tied).")
('Imprisoned Queen Archfiend', 'During each of your Standby Phases, you must pay 1000 Life Points (this is not optional), or this card is destroyed. During your Standby Phase: Target 1 Level 4 or lower Fiend-Type monster on the field; that target gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase. "Pandemonium" must be on the field and this card must be in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Subterror Final Battle', 'Activate 1 of these effects, also, after that, Set this card face-down instead of sending it to the GY.\r\n● Change 1 Set "Subterror" monster on the field to face-up Attack or Defense Position.\r\n● Change 1 face-up "Subterror" monster on the field to face-down Defense Position.\r\n● ATK/DEF of 1 "Subterror" monster on the field become equal to its combined original ATK/DEF until the end of this turn.\r\n● This turn, activated effects of "Subterror" cards cannot be negated.')
('Rock Ogre Grotto #2', 'A golem formed by boulders, this monster turns its enemies to stone and crushes them to dust.')
('Merciful Machine Angel', 'Tribute 1 "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster from your hand or field; draw 2 cards, then place 1 card from your hand on the bottom of the Deck. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Ritual Monsters. You can only activate 1 "Merciful Machine Angel" per turn.')
('Zolga', 'When a monster is Tribute Summoned by Tributing this card: The owner of this card gains 2000 Life Points.')
('Rock Ogre Grotto #1', 'Protected by a solid body of rock, this monster throws a bone-shattering punch.')
('Deep Sea Artisan', 'If this card is added from the Deck or GY to your hand by an effect of a WATER monster: You can reveal this card; look at your opponent\'s hand. If this card is Special Summoned: You can send the top card of your Deck to the GY, then target 1 Level 4 or lower WATER monster in your GY, except "Deep Sea Artisan"; Special Summon it, but negate its effects. You can only use each effect of "Deep Sea Artisan" once per turn.')
('Marine Beast', '"Water Magician" + "Behegon"')
('Xtra HERO Wonder Driver', '2 "HERO" monsters\r\nIf a "HERO" monster is Normal or Special Summoned to your zone this card points to: Target 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card, 1 "Fusion" Spell Card, or 1 "Change" Quick-Play Spell Card in your GY; Set that target. You can only activate this effect of "Xtra HERO Wonder Driver" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your GY: Special Summon 1 "HERO" monster from your hand.')
('Redbeard, the Plunder Patroll Matey', 'During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Plunder Patroll" monster from your Extra Deck with the same Attribute as a monster your opponent controls or is in their GY, and if you do, equip this card you control to it. If this card is sent from the hand or Monster Zone to the GY: You can target 1 "Plunder Patroll" monster you control, except "Redbeard, the Plunder Patroll Matey"; equip this card to it. You can only use each effect of "Redbeard, the Plunder Patroll Matey" once per turn.')
('Yosenju Oyam', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack: You can send 1 "Yosenju" monster from your hand to the Graveyard, except "Yosenju Oyam"; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Yosenju Oyam" once per turn. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent\'s face-up monster: You can make this card\'s ATK and DEF become equal to the original ATK of the opponent\'s monster it is battling, until the end of this turn. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Yosenju" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Fragrance Storm', 'Target 1 Plant-Type monster on the field; destroy that target, and if you do, draw 1 card, then if that card is a Plant-Type monster, you can reveal it and draw 1 more card.')
('Naturia Tulip', 'While you control this face-up card, each time your opponent activates a Spell or Trap Card, all face-up "Naturia" monsters you control gain 500 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Flame Armor Ninja', 'When this card is Summoned: You can target 1 "Ninja" monster you control; increase its Level by 1.')
('ZEXAL Construction', 'Reveal 1 card in your hand, and if you do, add 1 "ZW -" monster, "ZS -" monster, "ZEXAL" Spell/Trap, "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell, or "Rank-Down-Magic" Spell from your Deck to your hand, then shuffle the revealed card into the Deck. You can only activate 1 "ZEXAL Construction" per turn.')
('Chronomaly Mud Golem', 'If a "Chronomaly" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Meklord Army of Granel', 'This card gains 100 ATK for each "Meklord" monster on the field, except this card. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; halve that target\'s ATK, until the end of this turn.')
('Royal Swamp Eel', 'If this card is used as a Synchro Material Monster, all the other Synchro Material Monsters must be Fish-Type.')
('Tactical Exchanger', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster with a different original name from your Deck or GY. You can only activate 1 "Tactical Exchanger" per turn.')
('Hi-Speedroid Kendama', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. You can only use each of the following effects of "Hi-Speedroid Kendama" once per turn.\n● You can banish 1 Machine-Type monster from your Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.\n● If this card is in your Graveyard and you control no cards: You can Special Summon this card. You cannot Normal Summon/Set the turn you activate this effect.')
('Machine Duplication', 'Target 1 Machine monster you control with 500 or less ATK; Special Summon up to 2 monsters from your Deck with the same name as that face-up monster.')
('Dramatic Rescue', 'Activate only when a card is activated that targets an "Amazoness" monster. Return the targeted monster to its owner\'s hand and Special Summon 1 other monster from your hand.')
('Dream Mirror of Terror', 'During the End Phase: You can banish this card; activate 1 "Dream Mirror of Joy" directly from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Dream Mirror of Terror" once per turn. Each time your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), inflict 300 damage to your opponent. This effect is only applied while you control a DARK "Dream Mirror" monster.')
('Five-Headed Dragon', '5 Dragon monsters\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned. Cannot be destroyed by battle with a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or WIND monster.')
('R - Righteous Justice', 'Destroy Spell/Trap Cards equal to the number of "Elemental HERO" cards you control.')
('Magical Marionette', 'Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. This card gains 200 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 2 Spell Counters from this card, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Magician of Faith', 'FLIP: Target 1 Spell in your GY; add that target to your hand.')
('BIG Win!?', 'Declare a Level between 1 and 12; each player tosses a coin, and if both are Heads, the Levels of all face-up monsters you currently control become the declared Level. If both are tails, you lose Life Points equal to the declared Level x 500.')
('Jurrac Brachis', 'While another face-up "Jurrac" monster is on the field, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Appliancer Reuse', 'Target 1 "Appliancer" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but place it on the bottom of the Deck when it leaves the field.')
('Sky Striker Ace - Kaina', '1 non-EARTH "Sky Striker Ace" monster\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it cannot attack until the end of your opponent\'s turn. Each time you activate a "Sky Striker" Spell Card, or its effect, gain 100 LP immediately after the card or effect resolves. You can only Special Summon "Sky Striker Ace - Kaina(s)" once per turn.')
('Giant Orc', 'If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. You cannot change this battle position until the end of your next turn.')
('Copy Knight', 'When a Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster is Normal Summoned to your side of the field: Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster with the same name and Level as the Normal Summoned monster (Warrior-Type/LIGHT/ATK 0/DEF 0). (This card is also still a Trap Card.)')
('Lady Debug', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 Level 3 or lower Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Lady Debug" once per turn.')
('Chain Energy', 'Each player must pay 500 Life Points per card to Normal Summon, Special Summon, Set or activate cards from his/her respective hand.')
('Canon the Melodious Diva', 'If you control a "Melodious" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Canon the Melodious Diva" once per turn this way. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Melodious" monster you control; change its battle position.')
('Sword Master', "If a Warrior-Type monster you control attacks your opponent's monster, and the opponent's monster is not destroyed by battle, at the end of the Damage Step you can Special Summon this card from your hand. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.")
('Ally of Justice Field Marshal', '1 Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters\nThis card cannot be Special Summoned except by Synchro Summon. When this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, destroys it by battle, and sends it to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.')
('Lair Wire', 'Remove from play 1 Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard and select 1 monster your opponent controls. Destroy the selected monster.')
('Perditious Puppeteer', 'Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; gain control of all face-up Level 3 or lower monsters your opponent controls, until the End Phase. These monsters cannot activate their effects, and cannot be Tributed or used as a Synchro Material Monster.')
('Miraculous Rebirth', "Activate only as Chain Link 4 or higher. Select 1 monster from either player's Graveyard and Special Summon it. You cannot activate this card if multiple cards/effects with the same name are in that Chain.")
('Humid Winds', 'You can pay 1000 LP; add 1 "Aroma" monster from your Deck to your hand. If your LP is lower than your opponent\'s: You can gain 500 LP. You can only use each effect of "Humid Winds" once per turn.')
('Frozen Fitzgerald', '1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner Beast-Type monster\nIf this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, while you control no monsters, you can discard 1 card to Special Summon this card from the Graveyard in face-up Defense Position.')
('Linkslayer', 'If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can discard up to 2 cards, then target that many Spells/Traps on the field; destroy them.')
('Rise of the Fallen', 'Activate this Skill during your Main Phase. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Fairy monster from your GY in Defense Position, and gain LP equal to its original ATK. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.')
('Cerulean Skyfire', 'To Special Summon "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder" using its own procedure, you can also use face-down Spells you control. Once per turn, while you control an Attack Position "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", you can negate any Spell/Trap effect activated by your opponent, then, change 1 "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder" you control to Defense Position. If a face-up "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", or "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" you control leaves the field: You take no damage this turn.')
('Vampire Vamp', 'Once per turn, when this card or a "Vampire" monster is Normal Summoned to your field: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, whose ATK is higher than this card\'s; equip it to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. If this card is sent to the GY, while equipped with a card(s) by this effect: Special Summon this card.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Sandman", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the GY or reveal 1 Rock monster in your hand. When your opponent activates a Trap Card (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Level 12 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then you can Special Summon it if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. Once per turn, when this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can draw 1 card.')
('Giant Mech-Soldier', 'This monster swings an earth-shaking axe that cannot be blocked by a common sword.')
('White Moray', 'During the turn you Normal Summoned this card, it can attack your opponent directly. If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can treat it as a Tuner this turn.')
('Sonic Stun', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Negate the attack, then you can Special Summon 1 "T.G." monster, or 1 Level 4 or lower Tuner, from your hand or Deck.')
('The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion', 'You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster, but the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be correct. You can Tribute Fusion Material Monsters on the field, including this face-up card; Special Summon 1 corresponding EARTH Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.')
("Bicorn Re'em", "If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material Monster for a Synchro Summon, send the top 2 cards from your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.")
('Zefraniu, Secret of the Yang Zing', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Yang Zing" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card is Pendulum Summoned, or when this card is destroyed by battle or card effect while in your Monster Zone: You can add 1 "Yang Zing" or "Zefra" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Zefraniu, Secret of the Yang Zing" once per turn.')
('Berserk Gorilla', 'If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy this card. This card must attack if able.')
('Darklord Contact', 'Special Summon 1 "Darklord" monster from your GY in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Darklord Contact" per turn.')
('Engraver of the Mark', "During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect by declaring exactly 1 card name: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; declare 1 other card name. The card name your opponent declared becomes the card name declared by this effect. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it during the End Phase of the next turn.")
('Lumina, Twilightsworn Shaman', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your hand or GY, then target 1 of your banished "Lightsworn" monsters, except "Lumina, Twilightsworn Shaman"; Special Summon it. Once per turn, if your other "Lightsworn" monster\'s effect is activated: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.')
('Constellar Leonis', 'During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 "Constellar" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)')
('Destiny HERO - Dreamer', 'During damage calculation, if your "Destiny HERO" monster battles and this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, your monster cannot be destroyed by that battle, also you take no battle damage from that battle. If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Destiny HERO - Dreamer" once per turn.')
('Baby Tiragon', '3 Level 1 monsters\nDuring your Main Phase 1: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Level 1 monster you control; it can attack your opponent directly.')
('Green Duston', 'Cannot be used as a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon. While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed. When this card on the field is destroyed: The controller targets 1 Spell/Trap Card they control; return that target to the hand. You can only control 1 face-up "Green Duston".')
('Seal of the Ancients', "Pay 1000 Life Points. Pick up and see all face-down cards on your opponent's side of the field, then return them to their original positions. (The effects of the face-down cards are not activated.)")
('Tri-Brigade Shuraig the Ominous Omen', '2+ Beast, Beast-Warrior, and/or Winged Beast monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned, or if another Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field: You can banish 1 card on the field. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster from your Deck to your hand, whose Level is less than or equal to the number of your banished Beast, Beast-Warrior, and Winged Beast monsters. You can only use each effect of "Tri-Brigade Shuraig the Ominous Omen" once per turn.')
('Shinobird Token', 'This card can be used as a "Shinobird Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Myutant Arsenal', 'Cannot be Special Summoned, except with the effect of a "Myutant" card. Your opponent cannot target this card with Trap effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Myutant Arsenal" once per turn. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 card from your hand or field, then target 1 monster on the field; banish it. If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can target 1 of your banished "Myutant" Spells; add it to your hand.')
('Mosaic Manticore', 'During the Standby Phase of your next turn after you Tribute Summoned this face-up card on the field: Special Summon, from the Graveyard, as many monster(s) as possible that were used for its Tribute Summon. They cannot declare an attack, and their effects are negated.')
('Majestic Mech - Senku', 'When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Draw 1 card. During the End Phase of the turn this card was Summoned: Send it to the Graveyard.')
('Ganigumo', 'A crab that binds its enemies with a sticky web and attacks them with its sharp claws.')
('Warning Point', 'When a monster(s) is Summoned: This turn, that face-up monster(s) cannot attack, its effects are negated, also it cannot be used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summon.')
('Water Hazard', 'Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower WATER monster from your hand. You must control no monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Dogmatika Nation', 'Neither player can target "Dogmatika" monsters you control with effects of monsters that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dogmatika Nation" once per turn.\r\n● After damage calculation, if your "Dogmatika" monster battled an opponent\'s monster: Destroy that opponent\'s monster.\r\n● If this face-up card in the Field Zone is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can have each player send 1 monster from their Extra Deck to the GY.')
('Option Hunter', 'Activate only when a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard. Gain Life Points equal to the original ATK of the destroyed monster.')
('Spyder Spider', "When this card destroys an opponent's Defense Position monster by battle, you can select and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard.")
('Royal Tribute', 'If you control "Necrovalley": Both players discard any monsters in their hands.')
('Utopia Buster', 'If you control a "Utopia" monster: Destroy the 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that has the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied), and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster\'s ATK on the field.')
('Cynet Recovery', 'If a Link Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: You can target 1 monster in your GY, except a Link Monster; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Cynet Recovery" once per turn.')
('Hurricail', 'A tornado that ravages the wastelands with sharp winds that can cut to the bone.')
('Superheavy Samurai Drum', 'If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster in your Graveyard, except "Superheavy Samurai Drum"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Drum" once per turn.')
('Simorgh, Bird of Protection', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 card in your opponent\'s Spell & Trap Zone; return it to the hand. If this card is in your GY and your opponent controls no cards in their Spell & Trap Zone: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Winged Beast monsters. You can only use each effect of "Simorgh, Bird of Protection" once per turn.')
('Forbidden Apocrypha', 'Declare 1 monster card type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); if 2 or more monsters of the declared type are on the field, make each player send all monsters of that type from their field to the GY.')
('Summon Gate', 'Each player can Special Summon a maximum of 3 monsters from the Extra Deck each turn.')
('Dark Contract with the Witch', 'You can send 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Dark Contract with the Witch" once per turn. All Fiend-Type monsters you control gain 1000 ATK during your opponent\'s turn only. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage.')
('Genetic Woman', 'Once per turn, you can pay 1000 Life Points and select 1 of your removed from play Psychic-Type monsters. Add it to your hand.')
('XX-Saber Faultroll', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by controlling 2 or more face-up "X-Saber" monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.')
('Chaos Seed', 'If you control both LIGHT and DARK monster(s): You can target 1 of your banished LIGHT or DARK Warrior-Type monsters; add it to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Chaos Seed" per turn.')
('Rush Recklessly', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 700 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Windmill Genex', '"Genex Controller" + 1 or more non-Tuner WIND monsters\nThis card gains 300 ATK for each face-down Spell and Trap Card on the field. You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to select and destroy 1 face-down Spell or Trap Card.')
('Night Express Knight', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 0.')
('Last Hope of Nephthys', 'Target 1 other "Nephthys" card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. You can only activate 1 "Last Hope of Nephthys" per turn.')
('Infernoid Token', 'This card can be used as an "Infernoid Token".\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Sinister Sprocket', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a DARK Synchro Monster, you can destroy 1 face-up Spell or Trap Card.')
('Evolzar Solda', '2 Level 6 Dinosaur-Type monsters\nThis card cannot be destroyed by card effects while it has Xyz Material. When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy that monster(s).')
('Herald of Perfection', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Dawn of the Herald". During either player\'s turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect: You can send 1 Fairy-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Fortissimo the Mobile Fortress', 'Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Meklord Army" monster from your hand.')
('Revival Rose', 'If a Level 5 or higher Plant-Type monster you control is destroyed, you can Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Armed Dragon LV7', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Armed Dragon LV5". You can send 1 monster from your hand to the GY; destroy all monsters your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to that sent monster\'s ATK.')
('Statue of the Wicked', 'When this face-down card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Wicked Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1000) on your side of the field.')
('Draining Shield', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate that attack, and if you do, gain LP equal to that target's ATK.")
('That Wacky Alchemy!', "If a face-up Spell Card(s) in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zones is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy that target.")
('Blackwing - Bora the Spear', 'If you control a "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Bora the Spear", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.')
('Iron Cage', 'When this card is activated: Send 1 monster you control to the GY, or if "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is in a Field Zone, you can send 1 monster your opponent controls to the GY, instead. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can target the monster that was sent to the GY by this card\'s effect; destroy this card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster to your field. You can only activate 1 "Iron Cage" per turn.')
('Gatchiri @Ignister', 'The first time each Cyberse monster you control would be destroyed by a card effect each turn, it is not destroyed. You can only use each of the following effects of "Gatchiri @Ignister" once per turn.\n● You can target 1 Cyberse Effect Monster you control; negate its effects, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is sent from the field to your GY: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; that target is unaffected by your opponent\'s card effects until the end of your opponent\'s turn.')
('Amulet of Ambition', 'Equip only to a Normal Monster. If it battles a monster with a higher Level, the equipped monster gains 500 ATK x the difference in Levels, during that damage calculation only. When this card is sent to the GY: You can place it on top of your Deck.')
('Star Changer', "Target 1 face-up monster on the field and activate 1 of these effects;\n● Increase that target's Level by 1.\n● Reduce that target's Level by 1.")
('Ghostrick Yeti', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: You can target 1 "Ghostrick" monster on the field; this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.')
('Fortune Lady Every', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner Spellcaster monsters\r\nThis card\'s ATK/DEF become its Level x 400. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Increase this card\'s Level by 1 (max. 12), then, you can banish 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. During your opponent\'s End Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 other Spellcaster monster from your GY; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Fortune Lady Every" once per turn.')
('Cyberse Quantum Dragon', "1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nWhile you control a Link Monster, monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters you control for attacks, except this one, also your opponent cannot target monsters you control with card effects, except this one. Once per turn, at the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can return that opponent's monster to the hand, also, this card can make a second attack in a row.")
('Malefic Tune', 'If a face-up "Malefic" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: Draw 2 cards. If a face-up "Malefic" monster(s) you control is destroyed, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Malefic" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Malefic Tune" once per turn.')
('Eldeen', 'The cane of this monster is the source of many powerful spells.')
('King Tiger Wanghu', 'When a monster(s) with 1400 or less ATK is Normal Summoned or Special Summoned: Destroy those monsters with 1400 or less ATK. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Regretful Rebirth', 'When a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target that monster; Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position, but it is destroyed during your End Phase.')
('Star Power!!', 'During damage calculation, if your Link Monster battles an opponent\'s monster: Your monster gains ATK equal to the total Levels/Ranks of the monsters it points to x 400, during that damage calculation only. You can only activate 1 "Star Power!!" per turn.')
('Supreme King Dragon Darkwurm', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if you control no monsters: You can place 1 "Supreme King Gate" Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone, also you cannot Pendulum Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Supreme King Gate" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is in your GY and you control no monsters: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each monster effect of "Supreme King Dragon Darkwurm" once per turn.')
('Raidraptor - Avenge Vulture', 'If you take damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Raidraptor" monsters.')
('Toon Gemini Elf', 'Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Discard 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand.')
('Satellarknight Zefrathuban', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "tellarknight" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal, Flip, or Pendulum Summoned: You can target 1 other "tellarknight" or "Zefra" card in your Monster Zone or Pendulum Zone, and 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy them. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Zefrathuban" once per turn.')
('Decode Destruction', 'Target 1 "Decode Talker" you control; apply the following effects this turn, depending on the number of monsters it currently points to.\r\n● 1+: That monster gains 500 ATK for each monster it currently points to.\r\n● 2+: Monsters destroyed by battle with that monster are banished after damage calculation.\r\n● 3: After damage calculation, if that monster destroys your opponent\'s monster by battle: Destroy all cards your opponent controls.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Decode Destruction" per turn.')
('Chow Chow Chan', "When your opponent activates a Normal Trap Card in response to your monster's attack declaration targeting an opponent's monster: You can discard this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card (this is a Quick Effect).")
('Noctovision Dragon', 'When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a face-down card(s) you control (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY; negate that effect, also your opponent cannot target that face-down card(s) with card effects for the rest of this turn. You can only use each of the following effects of "Noctovision Dragon" once per turn.\n● If a DARK Dragon monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material: You can draw 1 card.')
('Noble Knight Brothers', 'This card can only attack if you control exactly 3 "Noble Knight" monsters (and no other monsters). When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon up to 2 "Noble Knight" monsters from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Noble Knight" monsters. Once per turn: You can target 3 "Noble Knight" and/or "Noble Arms" cards in your GY; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 1 card.')
('Vampire Awakening', 'Special Summon 1 "Vampire" monster from your Deck, but destroy it during the End Phase of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Vampire Awakening" per turn.')
('Degenerate Circuit', 'The controller of this card pays 500 Life Points during each of their Standby Phases (this is not optional). Monster Cards that would be returned from the field to the hand are removed from play instead.')
('Zombino', 'The two are so close\r\nThey die and return to life\r\nInseparable')
('Solitude', 'This beast-warrior swings a massive scythe that feeds on the souls of the slain.')
('T.G. Tank Grub', 'If this card you control is used as Synchro Material for a "T.G." monster, you can treat it as a non-Tuner. If this card is sent to the GY as Synchro Material for a "T.G." monster: You can Special Summon 1 "T.G. Token" (Machine/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Attack Position. You can only use this effect of "T.G. Tank Grub" once per turn.')
('D/D Swirl Slime', 'If this card is in your hand: You can Fusion Summon 1 "D/D/D" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand as Fusion Materials, including this card. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "D/D" monster from your hand. You can only use each effect of "D/D Swirl Slime" once per turn.')
('Turbo Cannon', '"Turbo Rocket" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn, you can destroy 1 face-up monster on the field and inflict damage to its controller equal to half of its ATK.')
('Palladium Oracle Mana', 'When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets 1 Spellcaster monster you control (and no other cards), while this card is in your hand or GY (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Palladium Oracle Mana" once per turn. Level 7 or higher Spellcaster monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician Girl" from your hand, Deck, or GY.')
('Shiranui Samurai', '(Quick Effect): You can banish 1 Zombie monster from your GY; this card gains 600 ATK, and if it does, banish any monster that battled this card, after damage calculation. These effects last until the end of this turn. If this card is banished: You can target 1 "Shiranui" monster in your GY, except "Shiranui Samurai"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Shiranui Samurai" once per turn.')
('Ritual Beast Ambush', 'Target 1 of your "Ritual Beast Tamer" monsters and 1 of your "Spiritual Beast" monsters that are banished and/or in your Graveyard; Special Summon them in Defense Position. After this card is activated, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Ritual Beast" monsters, for the rest of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Ritual Beast Ambush" per turn.')
('Witchcrafter Bystreet', 'The first time each "Witchcrafter" monster you control would be destroyed each turn, by battle or card effect, it is not destroyed. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Witchcrafter Bystreet" per turn, and only once that turn.\r\n● If a "Witchcrafter" monster you control would discard to activate an effect, you can send this card from your field to the GY instead.\r\n● During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can place this card face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone.')
('Feather Shot', 'Target 1 face-up "Elemental HERO Avian" you control; during this turn, that target can attack a number of times equal to the number of monsters you control when this card resolves, but cannot attack directly, and other monsters you control cannot attack this turn.')
('Resonator Command', 'Discard 1 "Resonator" monster; add 1 Level 4 or lower Fiend monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Resonator Command" per turn.')
('Elemental HERO Divine Neos', 'Must be Fusion Summoned using any 5 "Neos", "Neo Space", "Neo-Spacian", or "HERO" monsters, including at least 1 "Neos" or "Neo Space" monster, 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster, and 1 "HERO" monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Neos", "Neo Space", "Neo-Spacian", or "HERO" monster from your Graveyard; this card gains 500 ATK, and until the End Phase it also gains the banished monster\'s effects.')
('Volcanic Doomfire', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by sending a face-up "Tri-Blaze Accelerator" you control to the Graveyard. During your opponent\'s Battle Phase, your opponent must attack this monster with any Attack Position monsters they control. When this card destroys a monster and sends it to the Graveyard, destroy all monsters your opponent controls and inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed by this effect.')
('Danger! Zone', 'Draw 3 cards, then discard 2 cards including at least 1 "Danger!" card, or, if you have no "Danger!" cards in your hand, show your entire hand and shuffle it into the Deck. You can only activate 1 "Danger! Zone" per turn.')
('Metalzoa', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your Deck) by Tributing "Zoa" equipped with "Metalmorph".')
('Mobius the Frost Monarch', 'When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can target up to 2 Spell/Trap Cards on the field; destroy those targets.')
('Dewdark of the Ice Barrier', 'If the only face-up monsters you control are Level 2 or lower, this card can attack your opponent directly.')
('Giant Red Seasnake', 'A sea-dwelling snake that attacks passing enemies with its sharp teeth.')
('Serene Psychic Witch', "When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 1 Psychic-Type monster with 2000 or less ATK from your Deck. During the next Standby Phase, if this card stays in the Graveyard: Special Summon the monster banished by this card's effect.")
('Jolt Counter', 'During the Battle Phase, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control a "Battlin\' Boxer" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Cross Counter', "If the DEF of an attacked Defense Position monster is higher than the ATK of your opponent's attacking monster, the Battle Damage inflicted to your opponent is doubled. Destroy the attacking monster after damage calculation.")
('Machina Overdrive', 'Target 1 Machine monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Machina" monster with a different name from your hand or Deck, and if you do, destroy that targeted monster. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 3 of your Machine monsters that are banished and/or in your GY; shuffle them into your Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use 1 "Machina Overdrive" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Spiral Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 Dragon Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material, and if it is "Gaia the Dragon Champion", it gains 2600 ATK, also it can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.')
('Crusadia Vanguard', 'When you activate this card: You can also Tribute 1 "Crusadia" or "World Legacy" monster; if you did, Special Summon 1 "Crusadia" or "World Legacy" monster, with a different original name, from your Deck or GY. While you control a "Crusadia" Link Monster, your opponent\'s monsters can only target Link Monsters for attacks. You can only activate 1 "Crusadia Vanguard" per turn.')
('Gorgonic Gargoyle', 'When you Normal Summon a Rock-Type monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Spirit Reaper', 'Cannot be destroyed by battle. After resolving a card effect that targets this face-up card, destroy this card. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Discard 1 random card from their hand.')
('Elemental HERO The Shining', '1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 LIGHT monster\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 300 ATK for each of your banished "Elemental HERO" monsters. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target up to 2 of your banished "Elemental HERO" monsters; add those targets to your hand.')
('Necro Linker', 'You can Tribute this card to select 1 "Synchron" Tuner monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster. It cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster during the turn it is Special Summoned by this effect.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Megaraptor', 'When a Token(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field: Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Mecha Phantom Beast Megaraptor" once per turn. This card\'s Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Token; add 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Primineral Mandstrong', 'You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect this turn while it was Set on your field: You can Special Summon this card, then you can add 1 monster from your GY to your hand, except "Primineral Mandstrong". You can only use this effect of "Primineral Mandstrong" once per turn.')
('Vermillion Sparrow', '"Rhaimundos of the Red Sword" + "Fireyarou"')
('Galaxy-Eyes Afterglow Dragon', 'If you control a "Galaxy-Eyes" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. If this card is detached from an Xyz Monster to activate that monster\'s effect: You can take 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" from your hand or Deck, and either Special Summon it or attach it to an Xyz Monster you control as material, then if this effect was activated during the Battle Phase, double the ATK of all "Number" Xyz Monsters you control. You can only use each effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Afterglow Dragon" once per turn.')
('Zubababancho Gagagacoat', 'If you control a "Zubaba" or "Gagaga" monster except "Zubababancho Gagagacoat", while this card is in your hand: You can Special Summon this card. You can target 1 "Gogogo" or "Dododo" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Xyz Monsters. You can only use each effect of "Zubababancho Gagagacoat" once per turn.')
('Hard Armor', 'A living suit of armor that attacks enemies with a bone-jarring tackle.')
('Synthesis Spell', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Lycanthrope". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 6 or more from the field or your hand.')
('High Priestess of Prophecy', 'You can reveal 3 "Spellbook" Spells in your hand; Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Spellbook" Spell from your hand or GY, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.')
('D.D. Sprite', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 face-up monster you control. If you Summon this way, during your next Standby Phase: Return the banished monster to the field.')
('Evil Eye Repose', 'When you activate this card: You can banish 1 "Evil Eye" card from your GY; draw 1 card. Once per turn, after damage calculation, if your "Evil Eye" monster equipped with "Evil Eye of Selene" attacked an opponent\'s monster: You can banish that opponent\'s monster. If this card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by card effect: You can target up to 3 of your banished "Evil Eye" cards; return them to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Repose" per turn.')
('Fantastic Striborg', "Monsters Tributed for the face-up Tribute Summon of this card are returned to the hand instead of going to the GY. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; return all cards your opponent controls in this card's column to the hand.")
('Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster', '"Elemental HERO Clayman" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix"\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position, but only if your opponent controls no monsters, and if it does, this card\'s ATK is halved during damage calculation only.')
('The Illusory Gentleman', 'Wearing odd fashions, this gentleman is very fickle. He sometimes saves people and at other times commits crimes.')
('Dragon Spirit of White', '(This card is always treated as a "Blue-Eyes" card.)\r\nThis card is treated as a Normal Monster while in the hand or GY. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; banish it. If your opponent controls a monster (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your hand.')
('Harpie Conductor', '2 WIND monsters\r\nThis card\'s name becomes "Harpie Lady" while on the field or in the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Harpie Conductor" once per turn.\r\n● If a "Harpie" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap you control instead.\r\n● If another face-up "Harpie" monster you control returns to your hand (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; return it to the hand.')
('Pahunder', 'Once per turn: You can Normal Summon 1 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monster from your hand, except "Pahunder", as an additional Normal Summon.')
('Avenging Knight Parshath', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner LIGHT monsters\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target's battle position. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.")
('Serpent Suppression', 'Face-up Attack Position monsters with 0 ATK your opponent controls cannot be destroyed by battle with "Reptilianne" monsters.')
('Artifact Chakram', "You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would destroy a Spell/Trap Card(s) you control, while this card is in your hand: You can return 1 Set Spell/Trap Card you control to the hand; Special Summon this card.")
('Kattapillar', 'Attacks enemies by spitting thin, sticky webs.')
('Madolche Promenade', 'Target 1 face-up card your opponent controls and 1 "Madolche" monster you control or in your GY; negate the effects of that opponent\'s card until the end of this turn, and if you do, return your monster to the hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Madolche" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 "Madolche" monster from your hand, Deck, or GY, to it as material. You can only use 1 "Madolche Promenade" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Kaiser Sea Horse', 'This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a LIGHT monster.')
('Borreload eXcharge Dragon', '2 Level 4 DARK Dragon monsters\r\nNeither player can target this Xyz Summoned card with monster effects, except its own. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 600 ATK/DEF, then, you can Special Summon 1 "Borrel" monster from your GY, but banish it during the End Phase, also you cannot Special Summon other monsters or attack directly for the rest of this turn.')
('Wind-Up Magician', 'If the effect of a "Wind-Up" monster is activated, except "Wind-Up Magician": You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Wind-Up" monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Satellarknight Capella', 'If this card is Summoned: You can apply the effect below for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Capella" once per turn (but if it resolves, you can apply the effect multiple times).\n● You can treat Level 4 or lower "tellarknight" monsters you control as Level 5 when Xyz Summoning using 3 or more monsters as Xyz Materials.')
('Hi-Speedroid Rubber Band Shooter', '2 WIND monsters\r\nDuring your Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 WIND monster, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Synchro Monsters. You can banish 1 WIND Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck; reveal 2 "Speedroid" monsters with different names from your Deck whose total Levels equal the Level of that Synchro Monster, your opponent randomly picks 1 for you to add to your hand, and you send the other to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Hi-Speedroid Rubber Band Shooter" once per turn.')
('Evil HERO Wild Cyclone', '"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Wildheart"\nMust be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Destroy all face-down Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.')
('Impcantation Bookstone', 'You can reveal 1 Ritual Spell in your hand; Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "Impcantation" monster from your Deck, except "Impcantation Bookstone". If this card is Special Summoned from the Deck: You can target 1 Ritual Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use 1 "Impcantation Bookstone" effect per turn, and only once that turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck.')
('Plaguespreader Zombie', 'If this card is in your GY: You can place 1 card from your hand on the top of the Deck; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Absorbing Jar', 'FLIP: Destroy all Set Spell/Trap Cards on the field, then each player draws 1 card for each of the cards they controlled that was destroyed by this effect. You cannot Set any cards this turn.')
('Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu', '2 Level 2 Beast-Type monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Kagemusha Raccoon Token" (Beast-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK ?/DEF 0). (When Summoned, its ATK becomes equal to the current ATK of the monster on the field that has the highest ATK. Your choice, if tied.) While you control another Beast-Type monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.')
('Sunvine Maiden', 'When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a Plant monster(s) you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, negate that effect. You can only use this effect of "Sunvine Maiden" once per turn. Your opponent cannot target "Sunavalon" or "Sunvine" Spells/Traps you control with card effects.')
('Victoria', "Once per turn: You can target 1 Dragon-Type monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon that target to your side of the field. Your opponent cannot target face-up Fairy-Type monsters for attacks, except this one.")
('Gishki Psychelone', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card. Once per turn: You can declare 1 Monster Type and Attribute; look at 1 random card in your opponent\'s hand, and if it is a monster of the declared Type and Attribute, shuffle it into the Deck. Otherwise, return it to the hand.')
('Ultimate Crystal Magic', 'When your "Crystal Beast" monster is destroyed by battle: You can send 7 "Crystal Beast" cards with different names from your hand, Deck and/or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Crystal" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Fusion Summon.) If a face-up "Ultimate Crystal" monster you control leaves the field because of an opponent\'s card effect: You can banish this card from your GY; place any number of "Crystal Beast" monsters from your GY, face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous Spells.')
('Amorphage Envy', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhile you control an "Amorphage" monster, neither player can activate cards or effects as Chain Link 2 or higher. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.')
("Shien's Daredevil", 'When this card is Normal Summoned: Place 1 Bushido Counter on it (max. 1). This card gains 300 ATK while it has a Bushido Counter on it. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up card on the field that you can place a Bushido Counter on; remove 1 Bushido Counter from this card, then place it on that target.')
('Tour Bus From the Underworld', 'When this card is sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster in either player\'s Graveyard, except "Tour Bus From the Underworld"; shuffle that target into the Deck.')
('Performapal Partnaga', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 300 ATK for each "Performapal" card you currently control, until the end of this turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster you control; it gains 300 ATK for each "Performapal" monster you currently control. Level 5 or lower monsters cannot attack.')
('Twin-Headed Wolf', 'While you control another Fiend monster, negate the effects of Flip monsters destroyed by battle with this card.')
('Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja', '2 Level 5 monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this turn, face-up "Ninja" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.')
('Salamangreat Parro', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, in Attack Position. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Salamangreat" monster in your GY; this card\'s ATK becomes that target\'s. You can Tribute this card; gain 2000 LP. You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Parro" once per turn.')
('Rocket Pilder', 'While the equipped monster is attacking, it cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if the equipped monster attacked: The attack target loses ATK equal to the ATK of the equipped monster, until the End Phase.')
('Order to Charge', 'Target 1 non-Token Normal Monster you control; Tribute that Normal Monster, and if you do, destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.')
('Darklord Ukoback', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Darklord" card from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Darklord Ukoback" once per turn.')
('Cyber Shadow Gardna', "During your opponent's Main Phase: Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine/EARTH/Level 4/ATK ?/DEF ?). (This card is also still a Trap.) When an opponent's monster declares an attack that targets this card: The ATK/DEF of this card become the ATK/DEF of the attacking monster. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: Set this card in its Spell & Trap Zone.")
('Shaddoll Zefranaga', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Shaddoll" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Pendulum Summoned or sent to the GY: You can target 1 card in either player\'s Pendulum Zone; return it to the hand. You must have a "Zefra" card in your Pendulum Zone to activate and to resolve this effect. You can only use this effect of "Shaddoll Zefranaga" once per turn.')
('Performapal Whip Snake', "Once per turn, during either player's Main Phase: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; switch its current ATK and DEF until the end of this turn.")
('Swords of Revealing Light', "After this card's activation, it remains on the field, but you must destroy it during the End Phase of your opponent's 3rd turn. When this card is activated: If your opponent controls a face-down monster, flip all monsters they control face-up. While this card is face-up on the field, your opponent's monsters cannot declare an attack.")
('Searchlightman', 'FLIP: Your opponent cannot Set (or flip face-down) any cards for the rest of this turn.')
('Performapal Life Swordsman', "When your opponent gains LP (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, this card's ATK becomes equal to the LP your opponent gained. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.")
('Designer Frightfur', 'Target 1 "Edge Imp" or "Fluffal" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, and if you do, it can be treated as a "Frightfur" monster for a Fusion Summon.')
('Cyber Twin Dragon', '"Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon"\r\nA Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.')
('Beckoned by the World Chalice', 'His battle with the Mekkstrosities never seems to end. Even when their forest was invaded by Mekkstrocious Insects, he stood his ground and inspired the other defenders around him.')
("Sea Lord's Amulet", "Send this card to the Graveyard during your opponent's 3rd End Phase after activation. WATER monsters you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.")
('Skull Archfiend of Lightning', "During each of your Standby Phases, you must pay 500 Life Points (this is not optional), or this card is destroyed. Before resolving an opponent's card effect that targets this card, roll a six-sided die, negate the effect if you roll 1, 3, or 6, and if you do, destroy that card.")
('Baxia, Brightness of the Yang Zing', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Wyrm-Type monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target cards on the field, up to the number of different original Attributes of the Wyrm-Type monsters used for the Synchro Summon of this card; shuffle them into the Deck. Once per turn: You can target 1 card you control and 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your Graveyard; destroy that card on the field, and if you do, Special Summon that other monster from the Graveyard.')
('Dinomist Stegosaur', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf another "Dinomist" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect, you can destroy this card instead.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf another Pendulum Monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster, after damage calculation: You can destroy those monsters.')
('Oscillo Hero', 'A strange warrior from another dimension.')
('Spell Strider', 'If this card is in your hand: You can target 2 face-up Spell Cards on the field (1 from each side of the field); banish them, and if you do, Special Summon this card.')
('Ghost Belle & Haunted Mansion', 'When a card or effect is activated that includes any of these effects (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; negate that activation.\n● Add a card(s) from the GY to the hand, Deck, and/or Extra Deck.\n● Special Summon a Monster Card(s) from the GY.\n● Banish a card(s) from the GY.\nYou can only use this effect of "Ghost Belle & Haunted Mansion" once per turn.')
('Danger! Excitement! Mystery!', 'Discard 1 Level 5 or higher "Danger!" monster; add 1 Level 4 or lower "Danger!" monster from your Deck to your hand. You cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, except "Danger!" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Danger! Excitement! Mystery!" per turn.')
('Ojamatch', 'Send 1 "Ojama" card from your hand or face-up from your field to the GY; add to your hand, 1 "Ojama" monster with a different name and 1 "Armed Dragon" monster from your Deck and/or GY, then, immediately after this effect resolves, you can Normal Summon 1 of those monsters. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 3 of your banished "Ojama" monsters; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card.')
('Jurrac Velphito', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Dinosaur-Type monsters\nThis card's ATK and DEF are equal to the total original ATK of the Synchro Material Monsters used for its Synchro Summon. If this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, you can destroy the monster immediately with this card's effect without flipping it face-up or applying damage calculation.")
('Heritage of the Chalice', 'Add 1 "Noble Knight" monster or 1 "Noble Arms" card from your Deck or GY to your hand. If your "Noble Knight" monster equipped with a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "Heritage of the Chalice" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Initialize!", 'Tribute 1 "Koa\'ki Meiru" monster to add 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.')
('Rude Kaiser', 'With an axe in each hand, this monster delivers heavy damage.')
('Reboot', 'Shuffle 1 "Meklord" monster from your hand into the Deck, then target 1 "Meklord" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Tenmataitei', 'Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of any monster effect activated by a monster that was Normal Summoned/Set.')
('Desperado Barrel Dragon', 'If a face-up DARK Machine monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, during the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can toss a coin 3 times; destroy face-up monsters on the field, up to the number of heads, then if the result was 3 heads, draw 1 card. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Level 7 or lower monster that has a coin tossing effect, from your Deck to your hand.')
('Mermaid Archer', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Level 3 or lower monster you control; equip that target to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) While equipped with a monster by this effect, this card gains 800 ATK. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy the monster equipped to it with this effect, instead.')
('Gimmick Puppet Scissor Arms', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Galaxy Wizard', 'Once per turn: You can increase this card\'s Level by 4 until the end of this turn. You can Tribute this card; add 1 "Galaxy" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Galaxy Wizard".')
('Trickstar Candina', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Trickstar" card from your Deck to your hand. Each time your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, inflict 200 damage to them immediately after it resolves.')
('Majespecter Gust', 'Target 1 "Majespecter" card in your Pendulum Zone; Special Summon it.')
('Zoa', 'A monster whose full potential can be achieved when outfitted with "Metalmorph".')
('Elementsaber Lapauila Mana', 'You can send 2 other monsters from your hand to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Elementsaber Lapauila Mana" once per turn. Apply the following effect(s) to "Elementsaber" and "Elemental Lord" monsters you control, depending on the original Attributes of any "Elementsaber" monsters sent to the GY to activate this card\'s effect.\r\n● EARTH or WIND: Cannot be destroyed by battle.\r\n● WATER or FIRE: Cannot be destroyed by effects.\r\n● LIGHT or DARK: Your opponent cannot target it with card effects.')
('Day-Breaker the Shining Magical Warrior', '2 Spellcaster monsters\nIf this card is Link Summoned: Place 1 Spell Counter on it. Gains 300 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can only activate each of the following effects of "Day-Breaker the Shining Magical Warrior" once per turn.\n● If a Spellcaster monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to: Place 1 Spell Counter on this card.\n● You can remove 2 Spell Counters from this card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.')
('Psychic Shockwave', 'Activate only when your opponent activates a Trap Card. Discard 1 Spell/Trap Card to Special Summon 1 Level 6 DARK Machine-Type monster from your Deck.')
('Swiftstrike Armor', 'During your Draw Phase, each time you draw a "Six Samurai" Monster Card(s): You can reveal it; Special Summon it.')
('Divine Grace - Northwemko', 'This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Ritual of Grace". When this card is Ritual Summoned, select a number of face-up cards on the field (except this card), up to the number of monsters you used for the Ritual Summon. While any of the selected cards are face-up on the field, this card cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Labyrinth Tank', '"Giga-Tech Wolf" + "Cannon Soldier"')
('Saffira, Queen of Dragons', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Hymn of Light". During the End Phase, if this card was Ritual Summoned this turn, or if a LIGHT monster was sent from the hand or Deck to the Graveyard this turn while this card was face-up on the field: You can activate 1 of these effects;\n● Draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card.\n● Discard 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand.\n● Add 1 LIGHT monster from your Graveyard to your hand.\nYou can only use 1 "Saffira, Queen of Dragons" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Nin-Ken Dog', 'A Ninja dog who has mastered extreme Ninjutsu. Through hard training, it learned the technique to metamorphose into a human being.')
('Number S0: Utopic ZEXAL', '3 "Number" Xyz Monsters with the same Rank\r\n(This card\'s original Rank is always treated as 1.) You can also Xyz Summon this card by discarding 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Normal Spell Card, then using a "Utopia" monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Transfer its Xyz Materials to this card.) This card\'s Xyz Summon cannot be negated. When Xyz Summoned, your opponent\'s cards and effects cannot be activated. Gains 1000 ATK and DEF for each Xyz Material attached to it. Once per opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; your opponent\'s cards and effects cannot be activated this turn.')
('Malefic Cyber End Dragon', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned, except by removing from play 1 "Cyber End Dragon" from your Extra Deck. There can only be 1 face-up "Malefic" monster on the field. Other monsters you control cannot declare an attack. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card.')
('Memories of Hope', 'Draw cards equal to the number of "Number" Xyz Monsters with different names you control. You can only activate 1 "Memories of Hope" per turn.')
('Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force', 'Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Raidraptor" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that target, by using that target as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to that target also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) You can banish this card from your Graveyard and 1 "Raidraptor" card from your hand, then target 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card in your Graveyard, except "Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force"; add it to your hand.')
('Cubic Ascension', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Special Summon 1 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" from your Deck, and if you do, change the attack target to it, and perform damage calculation. If your opponent\'s LP are at least 2000 higher than yours: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" from your hand, Deck, or GY, then, if only your opponent controlled a monster when this effect was activated, you can Special Summon up to 2 more "Vijam the Cubic Seed". You can only use this effect of "Cubic Ascension" once per turn.')
('Boot-Up Soldier - Dread Dynamo', 'While you control a "Gadget" monster, this card gains 2000 ATK.')
('Big Piece Golem', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributes.')
('Tripod Fish', 'When this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster on the field; increase its Level by 1.')
('Gale Dogra', 'You can pay 3000 Life Points to send 1 monster from your Extra Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Get Your Game On!', 'You can only play this card if you were present at the 2007 Yu-Gi-Oh! TRADING CARD GAME World Championship. The ATK of all your "Elemental Hero" and "Neo-Spacian" monsters on the field is doubled.')
('Gagagigo the Risen', '3 Level 4 monsters')
('Virtual World Mai-Hime - Lulu', 'If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 "Virtual World" card you control; send 1 "Virtual World" card of a different type (Monster, Spell, Trap) from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card, then, you can add 1 "Virtual World" card of the third type from your Deck to your hand, except "Virtual World Mai-Hime - Lulu". For the rest of this turn, you can only Special Summon Level/Rank 3 or higher monsters. You can only use this effect of "Virtual World Mai-Hime - Lulu" once per turn.')
('Fabled Ragin', '1 "Fabled" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\n When this card is Synchro Summoned, if you have 1 or less cards in your hand, you can draw until you have 2 cards in your hand.')
('Dragon Statue', 'A stone warrior with the heart of a dragon.')
('Cubic Mandala', 'If you control a "Cubic" monster: Activate this card by targeting any number of monsters that are in your opponent\'s Graveyard because they were destroyed and sent there this turn; Special Summon them to your opponent\'s field, but each becomes ATK 0 and has 1 Cubic Counter placed on it. (Monsters with a Cubic Counter cannot attack, also negate their effects.) While your opponent controls any of the monsters Summoned by this effect, negate any monster effects your opponent activates. When the last of these monsters leaves the field, destroy this card.')
('Naturia Barkion', "1 EARTH Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner EARTH monsters \nDuring either player's turn, when a Trap Card is activated: You can banish 2 cards from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.")
('United Front', 'When a Trap Card is activated while you control 2 or more face-up monsters with the same Level: Negate the activation and destroy it.')
('Traptrix Mantis', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Traptrix" monster from your Deck to your hand. Unaffected by the effects of "Hole" Normal Traps. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap you control; return that target to the hand, then you can Set 1 Spell/Trap from your hand.')
('Germ Infection', 'The ATK of a non Machine-Type monster equipped with this card is decreased by 300 points at each of its Standby Phases.')
('Armed Dragon LV5', 'You can send 1 monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 monster your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to the sent monster\'s ATK; destroy that target. During the End Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle this turn: You can send this card to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Armed Dragon LV7" from your hand or Deck.')
('Sleeping Lion', "A ferocious animal that sleeps all day. Sometimes it's better to let Sleeping Lions lie.")
('D.D. Telepon', 'If this face-up card you control is banished: You can banish 1 Psychic-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck. Then, during your next Standby Phase, if this card is still banished: Special Summon that monster banished by this effect.')
('Awakening of the Possessed', 'Monsters you control gain 300 ATK for each different Attribute you control. "Charmer" and "Familiar-Possessed" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If a Spellcaster monster(s) with 1850 original ATK is Normal or Special Summoned to your field: Draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Awakening of the Possessed" once per turn.')
('Bird of Roses', "When this face-up Attack Position card is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 2 Plant-Type Tuner monsters from your Deck in face-up Defense Position.")
('Castle Gate', "This card cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn, if this card is in face-up Attack Position, you can Tribute 1 Level 5 or lower monster to inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK.")
('Gem-Knight Emerald', 'You can banish this face-up card you control and 1 face-up Normal Monster you control to target 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it from the Graveyard.')
('Mine Golem', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Gouki Re-Match', 'Target 2 "Gouki" monsters in your GY with different Levels; Special Summon them in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Gouki Re-Match" per turn.')
('Lunalight Kaleido Chick', 'Once per turn: You can send 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck to the GY; the name of this face-up card on the field can be treated as the sent monster\'s, if used as Fusion Material this turn. If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target 1 "Polymerization" in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Kaleido Chick" once per turn. If this card is banished: You can activate this effect; this turn, your opponent\'s cards and effects cannot be activated during the Battle Phase.')
('Zombie Warrior', '"Skull Servant" + "Battle Warrior"')
('Rising Air Current', 'All WIND monsters gain 500 ATK and lose 400 DEF.')
('Ancient Gear Fist', 'Equip only to an "Ancient Gear" monster. At the end of the Damage Step, if the equipped monster battled a monster and is still on the field: Destroy the monster it battled.')
('Double Attack', 'Discard 1 Monster Card from your hand to the Graveyard. Select 1 monster on your side of the field with a lower Level than the discarded monster. The selected monster can attack twice this turn.')
('Glow-Up Bloom', 'If this card is sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 Level 5 or higher Zombie monster from your Deck to your hand, or, if "Zombie World" is in a Field Zone, you can Special Summon it from your Deck instead, also, in either case, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Zombie monsters. You can only use this effect of "Glow-Up Bloom" once per turn.')
('Master of Oz', '"Big Koala" + "Des Kangaroo"')
('Zero Force', 'Activate only when a face-up monster you control is removed from play. The ATK of all face-up monsters on the field becomes 0.')
('Pursuit Chaser', 'When a Defense Position monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Ancient Crimson Ape', 'When a monster(s) you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, gain 1000 Life Points.')
('Takriminos', 'A member of a race of sea serpents that freely travels through the sea.')
('Bolt Penguin', 'With each arm forming an electric whip, this monster paralyzes its enemies with electric shocks.')
('Angel Trumpeter', 'This beautiful, fairy-like flower generates a delusional mist to keep intruders away from the deepest parts of the forest, where sacred beasts dwell.')
('Summon Cloud', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you don\'t control any monsters, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Cloudian" monster from your hand or from either player\'s Graveyard. If you Special Summon a monster from the Graveyard with this effect, destroy this card.')
('Lyrilusc - Independent Nightingale', '"Lyrilusc - Assembled Nightingale" + 1 "Lyrilusc" monster\r\nIf this card is Fusion Summoned using an Xyz Monster on the field as Fusion Material whose original name includes "Lyrilusc": You can increase this card\'s Level by the number of Xyz Materials that monster(s) had. This card gains ATK equal to its Level x 500. Unaffected by other cards\' effects. Once per turn: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to this card\'s Level x 500.')
('Psi-Blocker', "Once per turn: You can declare 1 card name; cards with that name, and their effects, cannot be used until the end of your opponent's next turn.")
('Coach King Giantrainer', '3 Level 8 monsters\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; draw 1 card and show it, then if it was a monster, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Coach King Giantrainer" up to thrice per turn.')
('Lightray Daedalus', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 4 or more LIGHT monsters in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 Field Spell Card and 2 other cards on the field; destroy them.')
('Evil★Twin Ki-sikil', '2 monsters, including a "Ki-sikil" monster\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned and you control a "Lil-la" monster: You can draw 1 card. During the Main Phase, if you do not control a "Lil-la" monster (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Lil-la" monster from your GY, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Fiend monsters. You can only use each effect of "Evil★Twin Ki-sikil" once per turn.')
('Elemental HERO Marine Neos', '"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Marine Dolphin"\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can destroy 1 random card in your opponent\'s hand.')
('White Veil', "While the equipped monster battles, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. When an attack is declared involving the equipped monster: Face-up Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls have their effects negated until the end of the Damage Step (even if this card leaves the field). When the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls. When this face-up card in a player's Spell & Trap Zone leaves the field, that player takes 3000 damage.")
('Penguin Brave', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nYour opponent cannot target face-down Defense Position monsters you control with card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Penguin Brave" once per turn. If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Penguin" monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can flip 1 face-down Defense Position WATER monster you control face-up.')
('Rainbow Neos', '"Elemental HERO Neos" + 1 "Ultimate Crystal" monster\nMust be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects. ● Send 1 monster you control to the Graveyard; shuffle all monsters your opponent controls into the Deck. ● Send 1 Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard; shuffle all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls into the Deck. ● Send 1 card from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard; shuffle all cards in your opponent\'s Graveyard into the Deck.')
('Morphtronic Cameran', '● While in Attack Position: When this card is destroyed by battle, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Morphtronic" monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Morphtronic Cameran". ● While in Defense Position: "Morphtronic" monsters on the field cannot be targeted by effects.')
('Violet Crystal', '(This card is not treated as a "Crystal" card.)\r\nEquip only to a Zombie monster. It gains 300 ATK/DEF.')
('Versago the Destroyer', 'You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster. When you do this, the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be the correct one(s).')
('Beat Cop from the Underworld', '2 monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned using 2 DARK monsters with different names as material, it gains this effect.\r\n● You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 face-up card on the field; place 1 Patrol Counter on it. You can only use this effect of "Beat Cop from the Underworld" once per turn. (If a card with a Patrol Counter would be destroyed by battle or card effect, remove 1 Patrol Counter from it instead.)')
('Space Dragster', "Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine-Type/Tuner/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 1800). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, other Tuners you control cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects while this card is in the Monster Zone.")
('Inzektor Giga-Cricket', 'If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up "Inzektor" monster you control; equip this card from the Graveyard to that target. This effect of "Inzektor Giga-Cricket" can only be used once per turn. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster\'s original ATK becomes 2000, and if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Number F0: Utopic Future Dragon', '3 Xyz Monsters with the same Rank, except "Number" monsters\r\n(This card\'s original Rank is always treated as 1.)\r\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Number F0: Utopic Future" you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; negate the activation, then if your opponent controls that monster, take control of it.')
('Goblin Black Ops', "This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. This card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, except with a card effect.")
('Live☆Twin Lil-la', 'Your opponent must pay 500 LP to declare an attack. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned and you control no other monsters: You can Special Summon 1 "Ki-sikil" monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Live☆Twin Lil-la" once per turn.')
("Wee Witch's Apprentice", '2 DARK monsters\r\nAll DARK monsters on the field gain 500 ATK/DEF, also all LIGHT monsters on the field lose 400 ATK/DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 DARK monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Wee Witch\'s Apprentice" once per turn.')
('Rivalry of Warlords', 'Each player can only control 1 Type of monster. Send all other face-up monsters they control to the GY.')
('Punishment Dragon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by possessing 4 or more banished "Lightsworn" monsters with different names. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can pay 1000 LP; shuffle into the Decks, all cards in the GYs and all face-up banished cards, except "Lightsworn" monsters. Once per turn, if your "Lightsworn" monster\'s effect is activated: Send the top 4 cards of your Deck to the GY.')
('Firewing Pegasus', 'A heavenly stallion soaring through the skies on crimson wings.')
('Safe Zone', "Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up Attack Position monster on the field; that face-up monster cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects, your opponent cannot target it with card effects, also it cannot attack your opponent directly. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.")
('Performapal Dramatic Theater', 'Monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each monster you control with a different Type. Once per turn, if you control 4 "Performapal" monsters with different Types: You can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.')
('Goblin Calligrapher', 'A Goblin who devotes himself to mastering perfect calligraphy of the word "False". He gives his all to each stroke.')
('Mogmole', 'When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon it from your Graveyard in face-up Defense Position. You can only use the effect of "Mogmole" once per Duel.')
('Kaiser Dragon', '"Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1" + "Fairy Dragon"')
('Gouki Suprex', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Gouki" monster from your hand. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Suprex". You can only use this effect of "Gouki Suprex" once per turn.')
('Gravity Controller', "1 non-Link Monster in an Extra Monster Zone\r\nCannot be used as Link Material the turn it is Link Summoned. This card in the Extra Monster Zone cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster in the Main Monster Zone. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster in the Extra Monster Zone: You can return both that opponent's monster and this card to the Deck.")
('Nightmare Archfiends', 'Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 3 "Nightmare Archfiend Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 6/ATK 2000/DEF 2000) to your opponent\'s field in Attack Position. Each time 1 is destroyed, its controller takes 800 damage.')
('Obsidian Dragon', 'Negate the effects of Spell and Trap Cards that target only 1 face-up DARK monster you control, and destroy them.')
('Gravity Bind', 'Level 4 or higher monsters cannot attack.')
('Ice Master', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 2 WATER monsters. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; place an Ice Counter on that target. You can Tribute this card; destroy all monsters with an Ice Counter(s).')
('Level Lifter', 'Send 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then target up to 2 face-up monsters you control; until the end of this turn, their Levels become the original Level of the monster sent to the Graveyard to activate this card.')
('Link Burst', 'Target 1 Link Monster you control and 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy them, then draw 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Link Burst" per turn.')
('Number 17: Leviathan Dragon', '2 Level 3 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains 500 ATK. If this card has no Xyz Material, it cannot attack your opponent directly.')
('Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Evening Twilight', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing all LIGHT monsters or all DARK monsters from your GY, while you have an equal number of each in your GY. While face-up on the field, this card is also LIGHT-Attribute. When this card is Special Summoned: You can activate the appropriate effect, based on the Attribute of the monsters banished for the Special Summon. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.\n● LIGHT: Target 1 monster on the field; banish it.\n● DARK: Banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand face-down, until your opponent's End Phase.")
('Dark Scorpion - Meanae the Thorn', 'When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can activate 1 of these effects:\n● Add 1 "Dark Scorpion" card from your Deck to your hand.\n● Target 1 "Dark Scorpion" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Red Mirror', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 FIRE Fiend-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Red Mirror"; add it to your hand. If you Synchro Summon while this card is in your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step, or the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard): You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Red Mirror" once per turn.')
('Ground Spider', 'Once per turn, if you control this face-up Defense Position monster when your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s), you can change that monster(s) to Defense Position.')
('White Night Queen', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card; destroy that target.')
('Gernia', "During your next Standby Phase, after this face-up card you control was destroyed and sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Special Summon it.")
('Gearfried the Red-Eyes Iron Knight', 'Once per turn, if either player equips an Equip Card(s) to this card: You can destroy those Equip Cards, then you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls. Once per turn: You can send 1 Equip Card you control that is equipped to this card to the GY, then target 1 Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.')
('Dark Summoning Beast', 'You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", or "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions, also monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Dark Summoning Beast" once per turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", or "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Unwavering Bond', "When your opponent activates a Pendulum Monster's effect, or an effect of a card in the Pendulum Zone: Negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card.")
('Spell of Pain', 'When your opponent activates a card or effect that would inflict effect damage to you: Your opponent takes the effect damage from that card or effect, instead.')
('Armored Rat', 'The fur on this monster rat is tough enough to repel swords.')
('Crusadia Magius', '1 "Crusadia" monster, except "Crusadia Magius"\r\nGains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster this card points to. The monster this card points to cannot attack. If an Effect Monster is Special Summoned to the zone this card points to (except during the Damage Step): You can add 1 "Crusadia" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Crusadia Magius" once per turn.')
('Psychic Wave', 'If you control a Machine monster: Send 1 "Jinzo" from your hand or Deck to the GY; inflict 600 damage to your opponent. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Machine monster in your GY; send 1 "Jinzo" monster from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, add the targeted monster to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Psychic Wave" once per turn.')
('Evil Thorn', 'You can Tribute this card; inflict 300 damage to your opponent, and if you do, you can Special Summon up to 2 "Evil Thorn" from your Deck in Attack Position, but their effects cannot be activated.')
('Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 Fusion Monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK for each monster your opponent controls, until the end of this turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n1 "Starving Venom" monster + 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned, and can then be Pendulum Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the End Phase, this card gains ATK equal to its ATK, and if it does, this card\'s name becomes that monster\'s original name, and replace this effect with that monster\'s original effects. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your Pendulum Zone, and if you do, place this card in your Pendulum Zone.')
('Koumori Dragon', 'A vicious, fire-breathing dragon whose wicked flame corrupts the souls of its victims.')
('Murmur of the Forest', 'Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target to face-down Defense Position, then you can return all Field Spell Cards on the field to the hand.')
('Herald of Green Light', 'When your opponent activates a Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can send this card and 1 other Fairy monster from your hand to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Forgotten Temple of the Deep', 'While this card is on the field, this card\'s name becomes "Umi". Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Fish, Sea Serpent or Aqua-Type monster you control; banish that target. During your End Phase: Special Summon the monster(s) banished by this effect.')
('Heraldry Reborn', 'Target 1 "Heraldic Beast" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.')
('Dragunity Phalanx', 'Once per turn, while this card is equipped to a monster: You can Special Summon this equipped card.')
('Xiangke Magician', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; this turn, you can use it as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon using its Rank as if it were a Level (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 LIGHT monster on the field; that face-up monster has its effects negated until the end of this turn.")
('Summon Reactor SK', 'The first time a monster(s) is Summoned to your opponent\'s side of the field each turn, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. During the Battle Phase of the turn this effect is activated, you can negate the attack of 1 monster your opponent controls. You can send 1 face-up "Trap Reactor・Y FI", 1 face-up "Spell Reactor・RE" and this face-up card you control to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.')
('Synchro Gift', "Select 2 face-up monsters you control (1 Synchro Monster and 1 non-Synchro monster). Until the End Phase of this turn, reduce the ATK of the Synchro Monster to 0, and the other monster gains ATK equal to the Synchro Monster's original ATK.")
('Artifact Ignition', 'Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target, and if you do, Set 1 "Artifact" monster directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: Your opponent skips their next Battle Phase. (You must have an "Artifact" monster in your Main Deck to activate this card.)')
('Mayosenju Hitot', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can target 1 "Yosenju" card in your Pendulum Zone; for the rest of this turn, its Pendulum Scale becomes 11, also you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Yosenju" monsters (even if this card leaves the field). During your End Phase: Return this card to the hand. You can only use each Pendulum Effect of "Mayosenju Hitot" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nCannot be Special Summoned, except by Pendulum Summon. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. Each time a card(s) on the field is returned to the hand or Main Deck by your card effect, while this card is on the field: All "Yosenju" monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.')
('Wow Warrior', 'A fish with arms, legs, and some very sharp teeth.')
('Gouki Thunder Ogre', '2+ "Gouki" monsters\r\nIf a monster(s) this card points to is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can make this card gain 400 ATK. The turn player applies the following effect while this monster is on the field.\r\n● During their Main Phase, they can Normal Summon 1 monster from their hand to their zone this card points to, in addition to their Normal Summon/Set. (They can only gain this effect once per turn.)')
('Unending Nightmare', 'You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it. You can only activate this effect of "Unending Nightmare" once per Chain.')
('Secret Six Samurai - Kizaru', 'When this card is Special Summoned: You can add from your Deck to your hand, 1 "Six Samurai" monster with a different Attribute from every monster you control. If exactly 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('Bujincident', 'Target 1 "Bujin" Xyz Monster you control; banish it, and if you do, return all monsters on the field to the hand. Until your 2nd End Phase after activation, neither player can Summon monsters nor take damage (but can Normal Set). During your 2nd End Phase after activation: Target 1 "Bujin" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon the monster banished by this effect, and if you do, attach that target to it as an Xyz Material.')
('Desmanian Devil', "When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower Beast monster from your Deck to your hand.")
('Molting Escape', 'Equip only to a Reptile-Type monster. Once per turn, if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed. The equipped monster gains 300 ATK at the end of the Damage Step each time this effect is applied.')
('Virtual World Xiezhi - Jiji', 'If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 "Virtual World" card you control; send 1 "Virtual World" card of a different type (Monster, Spell, Trap) from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card, then, during the End Phase of this turn, you can add 1 "Virtual World" monster from your GY to your hand, except "Virtual World Xiezhi - Jiji". For the rest of this turn, you can only Special Summon Level/Rank 3 or higher monsters. You can only use this effect of "Virtual World Xiezhi - Jiji" once per turn.')
('Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon', 'You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Galaxy-Eyes" monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon". You can only use this effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon" once per turn. If this card is in the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as an Xyz Material. You can only use this effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon" once per Duel.')
('Flying Elephant', "Once per opponent's turn, if this card would be destroyed by their card effect, it is not destroyed. Once per turn, during their End Phase, if that effect was applied this turn: Apply the following effect.\n● During your next turn, if this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack, you win the Duel.")
('Rider of the Storm Winds', 'You can target 1 Dragon Normal Monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or field to that target. If a monster equipped with this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If a monster equipped with this card would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.')
('Chaos Sorcerer', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your GY. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; banish that target. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.')
('Interrupt Resistor', "When you take battle damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, it gains ATK equal to the damage you took. Once per turn, during damage calculation, when another Defense Position monster you control is attacked by an opponent's monster (Quick Effect): You can activate this effect; during this damage calculation, your attacked monster's DEF becomes equal to this card's DEF, also it cannot be destroyed by that battle.")
('Masked HERO Koga', 'Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 500 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can banish 1 "HERO" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target loses ATK equal to the ATK of the monster banished to activate this effect, until the end of this turn.')
('First of the Dragons', '2 Normal Monsters\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only control 1 "First of the Dragons". This card cannot be destroyed by battle, except by battle with a Normal Monster, and is unaffected by other monsters\' effects.')
('King Beast Barbaros', 'This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each. You can only use each of the following effects of "King Beast Barbaros" once per turn.\r\n● You can Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 8 or more; Special Summon this card from your hand.\r\n● You can banish 1 "Barbaros" monster from your GY or face-up field, then target 2 cards your opponent controls; destroy them.')
('U.A. Penalty Box', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if your "U.A." monster battles an opponent\'s monster: You can banish that opponent\'s monster until your opponent\'s 2nd End Phase. You can only use this effect of "U.A. Penalty Box" once per turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "U.A." Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Guardragon Justicia', 'The fate of the World depends on the Guardragons, born from the World Legacy.')
('Mermail Abyssbalaen', 'You can discard 4 other "Mermail" monsters to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your hand. When you do: Target cards your opponent controls, up to the number of "Mermail" monsters in your Graveyard (if possible); this card gains 500 ATK, and if it does, destroy those targets (if any). You can Tribute 1 other face-up Attack Position "Mermail" monster; this card gains the following effect this turn.\n● At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.')
('Magical Musketeer Kidbrave', 'During either player\'s turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in this card\'s column: You can discard 1 "Magical Musket" card; draw 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Kidbrave" once per turn.')
('Depth Amulet', "When your opponent's monster declares an attack, you can discard 1 card to negate the attack. Destroy this card during your opponent's 3rd End Phase after activation.")
('Harpie Channeler', 'You can discard 1 "Harpie" card; Special Summon 1 "Harpie" monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position, except "Harpie Channeler". You can only use this effect of "Harpie Channeler" once per turn. While you control a Dragon-Type monster, this card\'s Level becomes 7. This card\'s name becomes "Harpie Lady" while it is on the field or in the Graveyard.')
("Majesty's Pegasus", 'All "Majespecter" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK and DEF. You can Tribute 1 WIND Spellcaster-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Majespecter" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Majesty\'s Pegasus" once per turn.')
('Curious, the Lightsworn Dominion', '3 monsters with the same Attribute but different Types\r\nIf this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent\'s card effect while its owner controls it: You can target 1 card in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each of the following effects of "Curious, the Lightsworn Dominion" once per turn.\r\n● If this card is Link Summoned: You can send 1 card from your Deck to the GY.\r\n● If a card(s) is sent from your Deck to the GY by an effect: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.')
("Gladiator Beast's Battle Archfiend Shield", 'Equip only to a "Gladiator Beast" monster. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead. When this card is sent to your Graveyard because the equipped monster you controlled was shuffled into your Deck: Return this card to your hand.')
('Frontline Observer', "During the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can add 1 EARTH Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card was Normal Summoned, during the End Phase of the Summoning player's next turn: You can Tribute this card; add 1 EARTH monster from your Deck to your hand.")
('Simorgh, Bird of Bringing', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Simorgh" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Simorgh, Bird of Bringing". If this card is in your GY and your opponent controls no cards in their Spell & Trap Zone: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Winged Beast monsters. You can only use each effect of "Simorgh, Bird of Bringing" once per turn.')
('Trident Dragion', '1 Dragon-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Dragon-Type monsters\nMust be Synchro Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target up to 2 other cards you control; destroy those targets, and if you do, for each destroyed card, this card gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('The Fabled Ganashia', 'When this card is discarded to the Graveyard, Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned this way, it gains 200 ATK and is removed from play when it is removed from the field.')
('Medium of the Ice Barrier', 'If your opponent controls 4 or more cards than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Your opponent can only activate 1 Spell/Trap Card each turn.')
('Ancient Gear Knight', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.')
('Gaia Drake, the Universal Force', '1 "Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth" + 1 non-Effect Synchro Monster\nThis card cannot be targeted by, or destroyed by, the effects of Effect Monsters.')
('Performapal Splashmammoth', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when a Fusion Monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 face-up "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nDuring your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 Dragon-Type Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Splashmammoth" once per Duel.')
('T.G. Jet Falcon', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Cu Chulainn the Awakened', "This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, Emblem of the Awakening. Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard. This card gains ATK equal to that Normal Monster's ATK, until the Standby Phase of your next turn.")
('Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Level 11 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then you can Special Summon it if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. When this card is used as Synchro Material, you can treat it and all other Synchro Materials (that have a Level) as Level 2 monsters.')
('Aromage Cananga', "While your LP is higher than your opponent's, face-up monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK and DEF. Once per turn, if you gain LP: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; return it to the hand.")
('Spellbook Library of the Crescent', 'If you have no "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your Graveyard: Reveal 3 "Spellbook" Spell Cards with different names from your Deck, your opponent randomly adds 1 of them to your hand, and shuffle the rest back into your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook Library of the Crescent" per turn. You cannot activate any Spell Cards the turn you activate this card, except "Spellbook" Spell Cards.')
('Threshold Borg', 'If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 Cyberse monster. Monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK.')
('D/D Proud Chevalier', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 500 ATK (even if this card leaves the field). Unless you have a "D/D" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card\'s Pendulum Scale becomes 5.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 face-up DARK Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.')
('Honeybot', '2 Cyberse monsters\r\nNeither player can target monsters this card points to with card effects, and those monsters cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Flame Ghost', '"Skull Servant" + "Dissolverock"')
('Performage Trapeze Magician', '2 Level 4 Spellcaster-Type monsters\nYou never take damage if the amount is less than or equal to this card\'s ATK. Once per turn, during either player\'s Main Phase 1: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster the turn player controls (other than this card); it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn, also destroy it at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Performage" monster from the Deck.')
('Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle', '2 Beast-Warrior monsters\nYou can only Special Summon "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle(s)" once per turn. You can activate "Fire Fist" monsters\' effects without sending "Fire Fist" or "Fire Formation" card(s) from your hand or field to the GY. You can target 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control or in your GY; return it to the hand, then send 1 "Fire Fist" monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle" once per turn.')
('Venom Serpent', 'Once per turn, you can place 1 Venom Counter on 1 monster your opponent controls.')
('Elemental HERO Plasma Vice', '"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Bladedge"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. You can discard 1 card to target 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Clone Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Cloning". If the monster is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, destroy this Token.')
('Vortex Trooper', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can shuffle 2 cards from your hand into the Deck, then draw 2 cards. If this card is destroyed: Draw 1 card.')
('Axe of Fools', 'The equipped monster gains 1000 ATK, also its effects are negated. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Inflict 500 damage to the controller of the equipped monster.')
('Ties of the Brethren', 'Pay 2000 LP, then target 1 Level 4 or lower monster you control; for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, also Special Summon 2 monsters from your Deck, with the same Type, Attribute, and Level as that monster, but with different names from each other and that monster. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Xyz Agent', 'If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Utopia" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card from the Graveyard to it as an Xyz Material. You can only use the effect of "Xyz Agent" once per Duel.')
('Chaos Necromancer', 'The ATK of this card is the number of Monster Cards in your Graveyard x 300.')
("Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon", 'This card gains effects based on the number of "Harpie" monsters you control, except "Harpie\'s Pet Baby Dragon".\n● 1 or more: Your opponent cannot target "Harpie" monsters you control for attacks, except "Harpie\'s Pet Baby Dragon".\n● 2 or more: Double the original ATK and DEF of this card.\n● 3 or more: Once per turn: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Dodododwarf Gogogoglove', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Zubaba" or "Gagaga" monster from your hand. If you control a "Gogogo" or "Dododo" monster except "Dodododwarf Gogogoglove", while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Dodododwarf Gogogoglove" once per turn.')
('Subterror Fiendess', 'When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 "Subterror" monster you control; negate the activation, then change the targeted monster to face-down Defense Position. You can target 1 face-up monster you control; change it to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Subterror" monster from your hand or GY, in face-up or face-down Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Subterror Fiendess" once per turn.')
('Heroic Challenger - Spartan', 'Once per turn, when an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can target 1 face-up "Heroic" monster you control, except this card; this card gains ATK equal to that face-up monster\'s original ATK, until the end of the Battle Phase.')
('Number C6: Chronomaly Chaos Atlandis', '3 Level 7 monsters\nIf you activate any of this card\'s effects, your opponent takes no further damage this turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card as an Equip Spell Card whose effect makes this monster gain 1000 ATK. If this card has "Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● You can detach 3 Xyz Materials from this card and send all "Number" monsters equipped by this card\'s effect to the Graveyard (min. 1); make your opponent\'s Life Points 100.')
('Dark Illusion', 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that targets a DARK monster on the field: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('The Weather Cloudy Canvas', '"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card\'s column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.\r\n● You can banish this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field (except during the Damage Step) (Quick Effect); halve its current ATK for the rest of this turn, but it can attack directly this turn.\r\nYou can only control 1 "The Weather Cloudy Canvas".')
('Fluffal Angel', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can target 1 "Fluffal" or "Edge Imp" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Fusion Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Angel" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster in your GY; discard 1 card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Angel" once per turn.')
('Dragonmaid Lorpar', 'Cannot be destroyed by card effects while you control a Fusion Monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dragonmaid Lorpar" once per turn.\r\n● You can discard this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; players cannot activate that target\'s effects on the field this turn.\r\n● At the end of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 3 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand.')
('Archfiend Staff of Despair', 'Equip only to a monster you control. During your Main Phase: You can make all monsters your opponent currently controls lose ATK equal to half the equipped monster\'s ATK, until the end of this turn. If this card is sent to the GY while equipped to a monster: You can pay 1000 LP; add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Archfiend Staff of Despair" once per turn.')
('Insect Neglect', "When your opponent's monster declares an attack: You can banish 1 Insect monster from your GY; negate the attack.")
('Prank-Kids Dodo-Doodle-Doo', '2 "Prank-Kids" monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Prank-Kids" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Prank-Kids" cards with different names in your GY, except Link Monsters; add them to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Prank-Kids Dodo-Doodle-Doo" once per turn.')
('Worm Prince', 'If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, you can add 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster from your Deck to your hand. Destroy this card during the End Phase if you do not control another Reptile-Type "Worm" monster.')
('Space Cyclone', 'Detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster.')
('D/D/D Supersight King Zero Maxwell', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can target 1 face-up monster on the field; change its DEF to 0 until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Supersight King Zero Maxwell" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nBefore damage calculation, if this card attacked an opponent\'s Defense Position monster: You can change the DEF of the opponent\'s monster to 0 until the end of the Damage Step. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card.')
('Spell Proof Armor', "[Activate this Skill during your Main Phase.] \r\n\r\nAll Machine monsters you control are unaffected by your opponent's Spell effects. You can Normal Summon Machine Normal Monsters with 1 less Tribute. If a non-Machine monster is in your GY, flip this Skill over. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.")
('Sonic Jammer', 'FLIP: Your opponent cannot activate any Spell Cards until the end of the End Phase of the next turn.')
('Storm Cipher', 'Cannot attack directly, or attack monsters in the Extra Monster Zone. Unaffected by monster effects activated in the Extra Monster Zone. Cannot be destroyed by battle with monsters in the Extra Monster Zone.')
('Doma The Angel of Silence', 'This fairy rules over the end of existence.')
('The Drdek', 'A bipedal eyeball that seldom misses an enemy with its lethal talons.')
('Spear Dragon', 'During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.')
('Construction Train Signal Red', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, change the attack target to this card and proceed to damage calculation. This card cannot be destroyed by that battle.")
('Kitchen Dragonmaid', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Dragonmaid" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Kitchen Dragonmaid", then send 1 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand to the GY. At the start of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 8 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Kitchen Dragonmaid" once per turn.')
('Googly-Eyes Drum Dragon', '2 Level 8 Machine-Type monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; it gains 1000 ATK, until the end of your opponent\'s next turn. If this card is destroyed while it has Xyz Material: You can banish 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard, then, you can attach 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster from your Graveyard to this card as an Xyz Material.')
('Swarm of Scarabs', 'Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Iron Knight of Revolution', '3+ Machine Effect Monsters\nMust be Link Summoned. If this Extra Linked card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their LP to 0, you win the Match.')
('Battlewasp - Twinbow the Attacker', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Insect monsters. You can only use this effect of "Battlewasp - Twinbow the Attacker" once per turn. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.')
('Beast King Barbaros', 'You can Normal Summon/Set this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 1900. You can Tribute 3 monsters to Tribute Summon (but not Set) this card. If Summoned this way: Destroy all cards your opponent controls.')
('Catoblepas, Familiar of the Evil Eye', 'You can target 1 "Evil Eye" Spell/Trap you control; once, until the end of the next turn, that card cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. If you control an "Evil Eye" monster other than "Catoblepas, Familiar of the Evil Eye", while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Catoblepas, Familiar of the Evil Eye" once per turn.')
('Dharma-Eye Magician', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can reveal 1 Pendulum Monster from your hand, then target 1 "Magician" card in your Pendulum Zone; that target\'s Pendulum Scale becomes the same as the revealed Pendulum Monster\'s, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhile this Pendulum Summoned card is on the field, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects during the turn this card was Pendulum Summoned.')
('Ritual Beast Tamer Lara', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Ritual Beast" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only Special Summon "Ritual Beast Tamer Lara(s)" once per turn.')
('Vendread Charge', 'Send 1 Zombie monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Vendread" monster from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Vendread Charge" per turn.')
('Chosen of Zefra', 'This card gains these effects depending on the number of face-up "Zefra" monsters with different names in your Extra Deck.\n● 3 or more: Monsters you control gain 100 ATK for each face-up card in any Extra Deck.\n● 5 or more: Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by an opponent\'s card effects.\n● 8 or more: Monsters you control cannot be targeted by an opponent\'s card effects.\n● 10: You can send this card to the Graveyard; shuffle all cards from your opponent\'s hand, field, and Graveyard into the Deck.')
('Silent Burning', 'During the Battle Phase, if you control a "Silent Magician" monster, and have more cards in your hand than your opponent: Each player draws until they have 6 cards in their hand. This card\'s activation and effect cannot be negated. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Silent Magician" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Armored Kappa', '2 Level 2 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains 1000 ATK or DEF. During either player\'s Battle Step, while an attack involving your monster is occurring: You can discard 1 card; for the rest of this turn, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no battle damage. You can only use this effect of "Armored Kappa" once per Duel.')
('Malefic Divide', 'Target 1 "Malefic" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions, but its effects are negated, also banish it during the End Phase.')
('Archfiend Commander', 'If you control an "Archfiend" card, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand), but it cannot attack this turn. You can only Special Summon "Archfiend Commander" once per turn this way. When Special Summoned this way: Target 1 "Archfiend" card you control; destroy that target. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can target 1 Level 6 "Archfiend" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position.')
('Gusto Falco', 'When this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard, except by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Gusto" monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.')
('Lavalval Salamander', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner FIRE monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can draw 2 cards, then send 2 cards from your hand to the GY, including at least 1 FIRE monster, or, if you do not have any FIRE monster in your hand, reveal your entire hand and shuffle it into the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Lavalval Salamander" once per turn. Once per turn: You can banish 1 FIRE monster from your GY; change face-up monsters your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position, up to the number of "Laval" monsters you control.')
('Variety Comes Out', 'Return 1 face-up Synchro Monster you control to the Extra Deck to select and Special Summon a Tuner monster(s) from your Graveyard, whose total Levels equal the Level of that Synchro Monster. You cannot Synchro Summon the turn you activate this card.')
('Machina Soldier', 'When this card is Normal Summoned while you control no other monsters: You can Special Summon 1 "Machina" monster from your hand, except "Machina Soldier".')
('Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Ex Dragon', '2 Level 10 monsters\r\nOnce per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Ex Dragon" by using a "Cipher Dragon" monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) You can detach 2 materials from this card; your opponent cannot target LIGHT monsters you control with card effects until the end of their turn. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can return 1 Rank 9 or lower Dragon Xyz Monster from your GY to the Extra Deck, then you can Special Summon that monster from your Extra Deck, by using this face-up card you control as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.)')
('Infernity Inferno', 'Discard up to 2 cards, and send the same number of "Infernity" cards from your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Mariamne, the True Dracophoenix', 'If this card is in your hand: You can destroy 2 other monsters in your hand and/or face-up on your field, including a WIND monster, and if you do, Special Summon this card, and if you do that, and both destroyed monsters were WIND, you can also banish exactly 4 cards from the top of your opponent\'s Deck. If this card is destroyed by card effect: You can add 1 non-WIND Wyrm monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Mariamne, the True Dracophoenix" once per turn.')
('Danger! Disaster!', 'When your "Danger!" monster is destroyed by battle with an opponent\'s monster: You can destroy that opponent\'s monster. You can banish 3 "Danger!" Spells/Traps with different names from your GY; destroy all cards on the field, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Danger!" monsters (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Danger! Disaster!" once per turn.')
('Clear Effector', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: Draw 1 card. A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Slip Summon', "Activate only when your opponent Summons a monster. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand in face-up Defense Position. Return it to the owner's hand during the End Phase.")
('Kahkki, Guerilla of Dark World', 'If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Garlandolf, King of Destruction', 'This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Ritual of Destruction". When this card is Ritual Summoned, destroy all other face-up monsters on the field with DEF less than or equal to this card\'s ATK. This card gains 100 ATK for each monster destroyed by this effect.')
('Blackwing - Bombardment', 'Tribute 1 "Blackwing" monster to select 1 face-up Synchro Monster you control. That Synchro Monster gains ATK equal to the Tributed monster\'s ATK, until the End Phase.')
('Slushy', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Slushy" from your Deck to the GY. If you have 3 copies of "Slushy" total, either banished and/or in your GY (combined): You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Level 5 or higher Sea Serpent monster in your GY; Special Summon that target. You can only use this effect of "Slushy" once per turn.')
('Heavymetalfoes Amalgam', '2 "Metalfoes" monsters\r\nIf this card is sent from the Monster Zone to the GY by card effect: You can activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Target 1 "Metalfoes" monster you control; equip this card to it as an Equip Spell that gives it 1000 ATK.\r\n● Target 1 "Metalfoes" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon this card.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Heavymetalfoes Amalgam" once per turn.')
('Magical Dimension', 'If you control a Spellcaster monster: Target 1 monster you control; Tribute that target, then Special Summon 1 Spellcaster monster from your hand, then you can destroy 1 monster on the field.')
('Phantasm Spiral Assault', 'Target 1 "Phantasm Spiral Dragon" you control; when it destroys 3 Effect Monsters your opponent controls, by battle, while equipped with 3 or more "Phantasm Spiral" Equip Spell Cards with different names, you win the Duel. If "Umi" is on the field, you can activate this card from your hand. If a Normal Monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead.')
('Drill Synchron', 'If a Warrior-Type monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Once per turn, when you inflict battle damage to your opponent with this effect: You can draw 1 card.')
('Qlimate Change', 'Add up to 3 face-up "Qli" Pendulum Monster Cards from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Qlimate Change" per turn.')
('Big Shield Gardna', 'When a Spell Card is activated that targets this face-down card (and no other cards) (Quick Effect): Change this card to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, negate the activation. If this card is attacked, change it to Attack Position at the end of the Damage Step.')
('Blackwing - Simoon the Poison Wind', 'If you control no monsters and have this card in your hand: You can banish 1 other "Blackwing" monster from your hand; place 1 "Black Whirlwind" from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone, then, either send this card to the GY, or immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon it without Tributing. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters. You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Simoon the Poison Wind" once per turn. During the End Phase, send the "Black Whirlwind" placed by this effect to the GY, and if you do, take 1000 damage.')
('The Winged Dragon of Ra - Immortal Phoenix', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect. If "The Winged Dragon of Ra" is sent from the field to your GY while this card is in your GY: Special Summon this card. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this effect\'s activation. This card is unaffected by other cards\' effects. You can pay 1000 LP; send 1 monster on the field to the GY. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Send this card to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode" from your hand, Deck, or GY, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Einherjar Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Valkyrie of the Nordic Ascendant".')
('Disappear', "Remove from play 1 card from your opponent's Graveyard.")
('Summon Limit', 'Neither player can Summon more than two times per turn. (Negated Summons count toward this limit. Negated cards/effects that would Summon do not count.)')
('Machina Uncruspare', 'If this card is added to your hand, except by drawing it (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon it from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Machine monsters. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Machina" monster from your Deck to the GY, except "Machina Uncruspare". You can only use each effect of "Machina Uncruspare" once per turn.')
('Earth Armor Ninja', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('The Fabled Kokkator', 'When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can discard 1 "Fabled" monster to draw 1 card.')
('Overwhelm', "Activate only while you control a face-up Level 7 or higher monster that was Tribute Summoned. Negate the activation of a Trap Card or Effect Monster's effect and destroy that card.")
('Korogashi', 'A high-powered dung beetle that can roll dung larger than itself. It crushes its foes with its massive ball of dung.')
('Heroic Challenger - Thousand Blades', 'Once per turn, if this card is in Attack Position: You can discard 1 "Heroic" card; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Heroic" monsters, also Special Summon 1 "Heroic" monster from your Deck, and if you do, change this card to Defense Position. When you take damage while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card in Attack Position. You can only use this effect of "Heroic Challenger - Thousand Blades" once per turn.')
('Rare Value', 'If you control 2 or more "Crystal Beast" cards in your Spell & Trap Zone: Your opponent chooses 1 "Crystal Beast" card in your Spell & Trap Zone, you send it to the GY, and if you do, you draw 2 cards.')
('Simorgh Repulsion', 'Discard 1 Winged Beast monster; return all cards in your opponent\'s Spell & Trap Zones to the hand. You can banish this card from your GY; reveal 1 Winged Beast monster in your hand, and if you do, reduce the Levels of monsters in your hand with that name by 1 for the rest of this turn (even after they are Summoned). You can only activate 1 "Simorgh Repulsion" per turn.')
('Beasts of Phantom', 'During your Main Phase, discard 1 card, then Fusion Summon 1 "Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast" from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. During your End Phase, if "Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast" was Fusion Summoned this turn, you can add 1 "Phantom Beast" monster from your GY to your hand. Each of these Skills can only be used once per turn.')
("Gravekeeper's Descendant", 'You can Tribute 1 other face-up "Gravekeeper\'s" monster to target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Heart of Clear Water', "If the equipped monster's ATK is 1300 or higher, this card is destroyed. The monster equipped with this card is not destroyed as a result of battle or by the effect of a card that targets the monster. (Damage calculation is applied normally.)")
('Impcantation Inception', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute "Impcantation" monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 "Impcantation" card from your hand or face-up field to the GY, except "Impcantation Inception"; Special Summon 1 "Impcantation" monster from your Deck, then add this card from the GY to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Impcantation Inception" once per turn.')
('Number 69: Heraldry Crest', '3 Level 4 monsters\nWhen this card is Special Summoned: Negate the effects of all other face-up Xyz Monsters currently on the field. You can target 1 other face-up Xyz Monster on the field; until the End Phase, this card\'s name and original effect become the same as that monster. You can only use this effect of "Number 69: Heraldry Crest" once per turn.')
('D/D/D Abyss King Gilgamesh', '2 "D/D" monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can activate this effect; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "D/D" monsters, also place 2 "D/D" Pendulum Monsters with different names from your Deck in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, take 1000 damage. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle with an opponent\'s attacking monster, or by an opponent\'s card effect while in its owner\'s Monster Zone: You can Special Summon 1 "D/D" monster from your Extra Deck or GY in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "D/D/D Abyss King Gilgamesh" once per turn.')
('Fortress Warrior', 'You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('ZW - Tornado Bringer', 'You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It gains 1300 ATK. While this card is equipped to a monster, your opponent cannot target that monster with card effects. If a monster equipped with this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead. You can only control 1 face-up "ZW - Tornado Bringer".')
('Tri-Wight', 'Target 3 Level 2 or lower Normal Monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them from the Graveyard.')
('Gagaga Girl', 'You can target 1 "Gagaga Magician" you control; this card\'s Level becomes the Level of that monster. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using only this card and other "Gagaga" monsters as Xyz Material gains this effect.\n● When it is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0.')
('Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #2', "This monster's wings are capable of generating tornadoes.")
('Creeping Doom Manta', 'When this card is Normal Summoned successfully, no Trap Cards can be activated.')
('One-Shot Wand', 'Equip only to a Spellcaster-Type monster. It gains 800 ATK. If the equipped monster attacks or is attacked, after damage calculation: You can destroy this card, and if you do, draw 1 card.')
('Gorgon Egg', "The gorgon egg's massive eyes are said to reflect the fate of its enemies.")
('Six Scrolls of the Samurai', 'Tribute 2 face-up "Six Samurai" monsters. Special Summon 1 "Great Shogun Shien" from your Deck.')
('B-Buster Drake', "Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 LIGHT Machine monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card is unaffected by your opponent's Spell effects, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 Union monster from your Deck to your hand.")
('Ritual Sanctuary', 'You can discard 1 Spell; add 1 LIGHT Ritual Monster or 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can shuffle any number of Spells from your GY into the Deck, then target 1 LIGHT Fairy monster in your GY whose Level equals the number of cards you shuffled into the Deck; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Ritual Sanctuary" once per turn.')
('Sea Archiver', 'If a monster is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your GY (if it was there when the Summon resolved) or hand (even if not), but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Sea Archiver" once per turn.')
('Pot of Avarice', 'Target 5 monsters in your GY; shuffle all 5 into the Deck, then draw 2 cards.')
('Stardust Chronicle Spark Dragon', "1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+ non-Tuner Synchro Monsters\nMust be Synchro Summoned. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 Synchro Monster from your GY; this card is unaffected by other cards' effects for the rest of this turn. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect): You can target 1 of your banished Dragon Synchro Monsters; Special Summon it.")
('Flame Administrator', '2 Cyberse monsters\r\nAll Link Monsters you control gain 800 ATK. You can only control 1 "Flame Administrator".')
('Desertapir', 'FLIP: Flip 1 face-up monster on the field into face-down Defense Position. You cannot select "Desertapir".')
('Light of Redemption', 'Pay 800 Life Points, then target 1 of your banished LIGHT monsters; add that target to your hand.')
('Yosenju Shinchu R', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if you have a "Yosenju" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can make this card\'s Pendulum Scale become 11 until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Yosenju" monsters (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal Summoned: Change it to Defense Position. Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up "Yosenju" monsters for attacks, except this one.')
('Altergeist Pixiel', 'You can Tribute this card; excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck, add 1 excavated "Altergeist" card to your hand, also send the rest to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Pixiel" once per turn.')
('Jewels of the Valiant', 'If exactly 1 monster is banished from your Graveyard (and no other cards are banished at the same time), except during the Damage Step: You can send, from your Deck to the Graveyard, 1 monster that has a different Attribute from that banished monster. You can only use the effect of "Jewels of the Valiant" once per turn.')
('Digital Bug LEDybug', 'Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of an Insect monster. Once per turn, when this face-up card is changed from Attack Position to Defense Position: You can add 1 Level 3 Insect monster from your Deck to your hand. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.\r\n● When this card destroys a monster by battle, draw 1 card.')
("Magicians' Combination", 'Once per turn, when a card or effect is activated (except during the Damage Step): You can Tribute 1 "Dark Magician" or 1 "Dark Magician Girl"; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" or 1 "Dark Magician Girl" from your hand or GY, with a different name from the Tributed monster, and if you do, negate that activated effect. If this face-up card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY: You can destroy 1 card on the field.')
('Dark Scorpion - Cliff the Trap Remover', 'When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can activate 1 of these effects:\n● Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.\n● Send the top 2 cards of their Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Trap Reactor Y FI', 'Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Trap Card, you can destroy the Trap Card and inflict 800 damage to your opponent.')
('Windwitch - Snow Bell', "If you control 2 or more WIND monsters, and no non-WIND monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. A WIND Synchro Monster that was Summoned using this card as Synchro Material cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.")
('Conductor of Nephthys', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Rebirth of Nephthys". If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Nephthys" Ritual Monster from your hand or Deck, except "Conductor of Nephthys" (this is treated as a Ritual Summon). If this card is Tributed or destroyed by a "Nephthys" card effect: You can activate this effect; during the next Standby Phase, destroy up to 3 "Nephthys" cards, except Ritual Monsters, 1 each from your hand, Deck, and field. You can only use each effect of "Conductor of Nephthys" once per turn.')
("Novox's Prayer", 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Skull Guardian". You must also offer monsters whose total Level Stars equal 7 or more as a Tribute from the field or your hand.')
('Genin', 'A creature that defeats its enemies using sleight-of-hand.')
('Dandylion', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 2 "Fluff Tokens" (Plant-Type/WIND/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon during the turn they are Special Summoned.')
('Amazoness Spy', 'You can reveal 1 other "Amazoness" monster in your hand; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Amazoness Spy" once per turn. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Amazoness" monster in your GY, except "Amazoness Spy"; return it to the hand, or shuffle it into the Deck.')
('Destiny HERO - Dreadmaster', 'If this card is Special Summoned by "Clock Tower Prison": Destroy all monsters you control, except "Destiny HERO" monsters, also, after that, you can Special Summon up to 2 "Destiny HERO" monsters from your GY. After this card is Special Summoned, for the rest of this turn, "Destiny HERO" monsters you control cannot be destroyed, also you take no battle damage when they battle. The ATK/DEF of this card are equal to the combined original ATK of all other "Destiny HERO" monsters you control.')
('Cloudian Squall', 'During each of your Standby Phases, place 1 Fog Counter on every face-up monster.')
('Afterglow', 'Banish this card, and as many "Afterglow" as possible from your hand, Deck, GY, and face-up field, then shuffle 1 of your banished "Afterglow" into the Deck. During your next Draw Phase, show the card you draw for your normal draw, and if it is "Afterglow", inflict 4000 damage to your opponent. You can only activate 1 "Afterglow" per Duel.')
('Metaphys Ascension', 'Discard 1 "Metaphys" card; draw 1 card, then you can banish 1 "Metaphys" monster from your Deck. If this card is banished: You can add 1 "Metaphys" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Metaphys Ascension". You can only use 1 "Metaphys Ascension" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Urgent Tuning', 'During the Battle Phase: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using monsters you control.')
('Number 24: Dragulas the Vampiric Dragon', "2 Level 6 monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; change it to face-down Defense Position. If this face-up card in its owner's control is sent to your Graveyard or banished by your opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon this card in face-down Defense Position. If this card is flipped face-up: Send 1 card on the field to the Graveyard.")
('Super Anti-Kaiju War Machine Mecha-Dogoran', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. Once per turn: You can remove 2 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; equip 1 "Kaiju" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the "Kaiju" monsters equipped to it by this effect.')
('Witty Phantom', 'Dressed in a night-black tuxedo, this creature presides over the darkness.')
('Frightfur Sheep', '"Edge Imp Chain" + 1 "Fluffal" monster\nIf this card battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, it gains 800 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Sheep" once per turn.')
('Spellbook of Knowledge', 'Send to the GY either 1 Spellcaster monster you control, or 1 other "Spellbook" card from your hand or face-up field, except "Spellbook of Knowledge", and if you do, draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Knowledge" per turn.')
('Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World', "If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: If it was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, you can target up to 2 cards your opponent controls; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard, then destroy those targets (if any).")
('Ancient Dragon', "When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: You can increase this card's Level by 1 and ATK by 500.")
('Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird', "Once per turn: You can gain 500 LP for each card in your opponent's hand.")
('Tao the Chanter', 'Master of Yin and Yang, this wizard handles a delicate balance of spells and counter spells.')
('Risebell the Star Adjuster', 'When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; increase its Level by up to 3 until the end of this turn.')
('Sealing Ceremony of Katon', "Once per turn: You can banish 1 FIRE monster from your Graveyard to target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target.")
('Mystical Moon', 'Equip only to a Beast-Warrior-Type monster. It gains 300 ATK and DEF.')
('Shard of Greed', 'Each time you draw a card(s) for your normal draw in your Draw Phase, place 1 Greed Counter on this card. You can send this card with 2 or more Greed Counters to the GY; draw 2 cards.')
('Spiritual Beast Cannahawk', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your Deck, face-up. During your second Standby Phase after this effect\'s activation, add the card banished by this effect to your hand. You can only Special Summon "Spiritual Beast Cannahawk(s)" once per turn.')
('Smile Potion', 'If your opponent controls a monster whose current ATK is higher than its original ATK, while you control no monsters: Draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Smile Potion" per turn.')
('Marincess Coral Anemone', '2 WATER monsters\r\nYou can target 1 WATER monster with 1500 or less ATK in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WATER monsters. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 "Marincess" card in your GY, except "Marincess Coral Anemone"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Marincess Coral Anemone" once per turn.')
('Blazing Soul', 'If you control a Level 8 or higher Synchro Monster: Add 1 card from your GY to your hand, except "Burning Soul", and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using monsters you control. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, your opponent cannot target Synchro Monsters on the field with card effects. You can only activate 1 "Burning Soul" per turn.')
('Paladin of Photon Dragon', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Luminous Dragon Ritual". You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" from your hand or Deck. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card.')
('U.A. Goalkeeper', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Goalkeeper". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Goalkeeper" once per turn this way. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn: You can target 1 "U.A." monster you control; once during this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Naturia Horneedle', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster, you can Tribute 1 face-up "Naturia" monster you control, except this card, to destroy the Special Summoned monster.')
('Hallowed Life Barrier', "Discard 1 card from your hand. This turn, any damage you take from your opponent's cards and effects becomes 0.")
('Prank-Kids Lampsies', 'If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Fusion or Link Summon of a "Prank-Kids" monster: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent, then you can Special Summon 1 "Prank-Kids" monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position, except "Prank-Kids Lampsies". You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Lampsies" once per turn.')
('Parasite Paranoid', '(Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; equip this card from your hand to that target. The equipped monster becomes an Insect monster, cannot attack Insect monsters, also its effects that activate by targeting an Insect monster(s) are negated. You can only use this effect of "Parasite Paranoid" once per turn. If this Equip Card is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher Insect monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Djinn Disserere of Rituals', 'When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your GY as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon. The monster Ritual Summoned using this card is unaffected by Trap effects.')
('Abyss Actors Back Stage', 'If you have 2 "Abyss Actor" cards in your Pendulum Zones: Add 2 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monsters with different names from your Deck to your Extra Deck face-up. You can only activate 1 "Abyss Actors Back Stage" per turn.')
('Spirit Converter', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 face-up Level 4 LIGHT monster you control to that target as an Xyz Material. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Target 2 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monsters with the same name in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand.')
('Copycat', "If this card is Summoned: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; this card's ATK/DEF become equal to that monster's original ATK/DEF.")
('The Immortal Bushi', 'While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed, except for the Tribute Summon of a Warrior-Type monster. During your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard and all the monsters in your Graveyard are Warrior-Type: You can Special Summon this card. You must also control no monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Constellar Pollux', 'During the turn this card was Normal Summoned, you can Normal Summon 1 "Constellar" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)')
('CXyz Coach Lord Ultimatrainer', '4 Level 9 monsters\nThis card cannot be targeted by card effects. If this card has an Xyz Monster as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; draw 1 card and reveal it, then if it was a monster, inflict 800 damage to your opponent.')
('Skyblaster Token', 'This card can be used as a "Skyblaster Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Tempest, Dragon Ruler of Storms', 'You can discard this card and 1 WIND monster to the GY; add 1 Dragon monster from your Deck to your hand. You can banish a total of 2 WIND and/or Dragon monsters from your hand and/or GY; Special Summon this card from your hand or GY. During your opponent\'s End Phase, if you control this Special Summoned card: Return it to the hand. If this card is banished: You can add 1 WIND Dragon monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Tempest, Dragon Ruler of Storms" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Gem-Knight Ruby', '"Gem-Knight Garnet" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster\nMust first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 face-up "Gem-" monster; this card gains ATK equal to the Tributed monster\'s ATK on the field, until the End Phase. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Stinging Swordsman', "When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Return all face-up cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zones to the hand.")
('Boneheimer', 'This monster wanders the seas, sucking dry any creatures it may encounter.')
('Psychic Feel Zone', 'Select 2 of your removed from play monsters (1 Psychic-Type Tuner and 1 Psychic-Type non-Tuner), return them to the Graveyard, and Special Summon 1 Psychic-Type Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck in face-up Defense Position, whose Level equals the total Levels of the returned monsters.')
('Light and Darkness Dragon', "Cannot be Special Summoned. While face-up on the field, this card is also DARK-Attribute. Once per Chain, during either player's turn, when a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect is activated: This card loses exactly 500 ATK and DEF and that activation is negated. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster in your Graveyard (if possible); destroy all cards you control, also Special Summon that monster (if any).")
('Darklord Zerato', 'If you have 4 or more DARK monsters with different names in your Graveyard, you can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 DARK monster. You can send 1 DARK monster from your hand to the Graveyard; destroy all monsters your opponent controls. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this effect was activated this turn: Destroy this card.')
('Some Summer Summoner', "2 Thunder monsters\r\nOnce per opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Thunder monster in your GY, except a Link Monster; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to.")
('Duelittle Chimera', '2 FIRE monsters\r\nAll FIRE monsters on the field gain 500 ATK/DEF, also all WATER monsters on the field lose 400 ATK/DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 FIRE monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Duelittle Chimera" once per turn.')
('Red Screen', 'Your opponent\'s monsters cannot declare attacks. During each of your End Phases, you must pay 1000 LP (this is not optional), or this card is destroyed. You can target 1 Level 1 Tuner monster in your Graveyard; destroy this card, and if you do, Special Summon that target. "Red Dragon Archfiend" must be on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Toon Table of Contents', 'Add 1 "Toon" card from your Deck to your hand.')
("Rod of Silence - Kay'est", 'The equipped monster gains 500 DEF. Negate other Spell effects that target the equipped monster, and if you do, destroy that Spell Card.')
('Miraculous Descent', 'Target 1 of your banished Fairy monsters; Special Summon it. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('PSY-Frame Overload', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 "PSY-Frame" monster from your hand or face-up from your side of the field, then target 1 card on the field; banish it face-down. During either player\'s turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "PSY-Frame" card from your Deck to your hand, except "PSY-Frame Overload".')
('Wood Remains', 'A living corpse of wood re-animated by the power of darkness.')
('Daigusto Sphreez', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Gusto" monsters\n When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 "Gusto" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. Your opponent takes any Battle Damage you would have taken from battles involving a face-up "Gusto" monster you control. This card cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Litmus Doom Swordsman', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Litmus Doom Ritual". It is unaffected by Trap effects and cannot be destroyed by battle. Gains 3000 ATK/DEF while a Trap is on the field. If this Ritual Summoned card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by your opponent\'s card: You can target 1 Trap in either GY; Set it to your Spell & Trap Zone.')
('Ghost Knight of Jackal', "You can Special Summon an opponent's monster that is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by this card as a result of battle to your side of the field in face-up Defense Position.")
('Raidraptor - Return', 'If a "Raidraptor" monster you control is destroyed by battle: Target 1 "Raidraptor" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. If a face-up "Raidraptor" monster(s) you control is destroyed by card effect: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Raidraptor" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Return" once per turn.')
('Evigishki Soul Ogre', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Gishki" monster to target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; shuffle that target into the Deck.')
('Stonehenge Methods', 'When a face-up "Chronomaly" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Chronomaly" monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position. It cannot change its battle position.')
('Megamorph', "While your LP is lower than your opponent's, the equipped monster's ATK becomes double its original ATK. While your LP is higher, the equipped monster's ATK becomes half its original ATK.")
('Trickstar Light Stage', 'When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Trickstar" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card in your opponent\'s Spell & Trap Zone; while this card is in the Field Zone, that Set card cannot be activated until the End Phase, and your opponent must activate it during the End Phase or else send it to the GY. Each time a "Trickstar" monster you control inflicts battle or effect damage to your opponent, inflict 200 damage to them.')
('Cave Dragon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned while you control a monster. This card cannot declare an attack unless you control another Dragon-Type monster.')
('Guardian Tryce', 'Cannot be Summoned unless you control a face-up "Twin Swords of Flashing Light - Tryce". When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon the monster from the Graveyard that was used for its Tribute Summon.')
('Onomatopaira', 'You can only activate 1 "Onomatopaira" per turn. Send 1 card from your hand to the GY; add up to 2 of these monsters from your Deck to your hand (you cannot add 2 from the same category).\n● 1 "Zubaba" monster\n● 1 "Gagaga" monster\n● 1 "Gogogo" monster\n● 1 "Dododo" monster')
('Superheavy Samurai Fist', 'During your Battle Phase, if your "Superheavy Samurai" monster destroyed an opponent\'s monster by battle this Battle Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using materials you control, including this card. If you have no Spells/Traps in your GY: You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" Synchro Monster you control; reduce its Level by 1, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your GY, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Superheavy Samurai" monsters. You can only use each effect of "Superheavy Samurai Fist" once per turn.')
('Greed', 'Each time a player draws cards because of a card effect, they take 500 damage during the End Phase for each card drawn by the card effect.')
('Revendread Slayer', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Vendread" Ritual Spell. Once per battle, if this card battles an opponent\'s monster, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 Zombie monster from your GY; this card gains 300 ATK. If this Ritual Summoned card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, send 1 "Vendread" monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Revendread Slayer" once per turn.')
('Ryu Senshi', '"Warrior Dai Grepher" + "Spirit Ryu"\r\nA Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. When a Normal Trap Card is activated (Quick Effect): You can pay 1000 LP; negate that effect. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect. Negate the effects of any Spell Card that targets this card and destroy it.')
('Sauravis, the Ancient and Ascended', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Sprite\'s Blessing". When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a monster you control (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; negate the activation. When your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s) (Quick Effect): You can return this card to the hand; negate the Special Summon, and if you do, banish that monster(s).')
('Pendulum Call', 'Discard 1 card; add 2 "Magician" Pendulum Monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand, also, until the end of your opponent\'s next turn after this card resolves, "Magician" cards in your Pendulum Zones cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can only activate 1 "Pendulum Call" per turn. You cannot activate this card if you activated a "Magician" monster\'s Pendulum Effect this turn.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Auroradon', '2+ Machine monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can activate this effect; Special Summon 3 "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0), also you cannot Link Summon for the rest of this turn. Once per turn: You can Tribute up to 3 monsters, then apply 1 of these effects, based on the number Tributed;\r\n● 1: Destroy 1 card on the field.\r\n● 2: Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster from your Deck.\r\n● 3: Add 1 Trap from your GY to your hand.')
("Flying Saucer Muusik'i", 'While this card is face-up on the field, you can select and add 1 "Alien" card from your Deck to your hand instead of conducting your normal draw during your Draw Phase.')
('Revival Golem', 'The effect of "Revival Golem" can only be used once per turn. When this card is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard: Activate 1 of these effects.\n● Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.\n● Add this card from the Graveyard to your hand.')
('D.D. Esper Star Sparrow', 'There can only be 1 "D.D. Esper Star Sparrow" on the field. Your opponent cannot target other monsters you control with effects or for attacks. When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in face-up Defense Position. If Summoned this way, banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Bad Aim', "When your opponent's card or effect is activated: Target 1 card on the field (other than that card); destroy it.")
('Black Horn of Heaven', 'When your opponent would Special Summon exactly 1 monster: Negate the Special Summon, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Curse of Dragon', 'A wicked dragon that taps into dark forces to execute a powerful attack.')
('Zoodiac Barrage', 'You can target 1 face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Zoodiac" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Zoodiac Barrage" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Zoodiac" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card from your Graveyard to that Xyz Monster as Xyz Material.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast O-Lion', 'You can banish this card from your Graveyard; immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster from your hand. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Mecha Phantom Beast O-Lion" once per turn.')
('Chemicritter Carbo Crab', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● During your Main Phase: You can send 1 Gemini monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, then add 1 Gemini monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Chemicritter Carbo Crab" once per turn.')
('Gillagillancer', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). During each End Phase: You take 500 damage. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Gladiator Beast Retiari', 'When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, you can remove from play 1 card from your opponent\'s Graveyard. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Deck to Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Retiari".')
('Flash of the Forbidden Spell', "Activate only when all of your opponent's Monster Card Zones are occupied by monsters. Destroy all monsters on your opponent's side of the field.")
('Ballista of Rampart Smashing', 'If the equipped monster attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, it gains 1500 ATK during damage calculation only.')
('Guardragon Reincarnation', 'Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it, that are all Link Monsters, from your field or GY. You can only activate 1 "Guardragon Reincarnation" per turn.')
('Doggy Diver', 'If your opponent controls a monster and all face-up monsters you control (min. 1) are Level 4, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Doggy Diver" once per turn this way. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a Warrior-Type monster.')
('Pendulum Xyz', 'Target 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones; Special Summon both targets, but negate their effects (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 Xyz Monster using only those 2 monsters. (You can treat the Level of 1 of those monsters as the other monster\'s.) You can only activate 1 "Pendulum Xyz" per turn.')
('Dice It', "Roll a six-sided die. Apply this effect, depending on whose turn it is.\r\n● During your turn: Banish cards from your GY equal to the result. Then, if the result was 1, send 6 cards from the top of your Deck to the GY.\r\n● During your opponent's turn: Send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY equal to the result. Then, if the result was 6, banish 1 card from your GY.")
('Alpha, the Master of Beasts', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while the total ATK of all monsters your opponent controls is more than that of all monsters you control. You can target any number of Beast, Beast-Warrior, and/or Winged Beast monsters you control; return them to the hand, then, return face-up monsters your opponent controls to the hand, equal to the number of cards you returned to the hand, also for the rest of this turn, "Alpha, the Master of Beasts" you control cannot attack directly. You can only use this effect of "Alpha, the Master of Beasts" once per turn.')
('The Weather Painter Rainbow', '3 "The Weather" monsters\r\nWhen your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s) (Quick Effect): You can send this Link Summoned card to the GY; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s). Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card\'s effect: You can Special Summon this banished card. "The Weather" Effect Monsters this card points to gain the following effect.\r\n● When a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can banish this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Mysterious Triangle', 'Destroy 1 monster on the field with an A-Counter. Then, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Alien" monster from your Deck. Destroy it during the End Phase.')
('B.E.S. Blaster Cannon Core', 'If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "B.E.S. Blaster Cannon Core" once per turn this way. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Place 3 counters on this card. Cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: Remove 1 counter from this card. If you cannot, destroy it.')
("Vanity's Call", 'Activate only as Chain Link 4 or higher. Pay half your Life Points. Negate the activation and effects of all other cards in the same Chain, and destroy them.')
('Gouki Octostretch', 'If your opponent\'s monster attacks, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; the damage you take from that battle is halved. When your opponent activates an effect that would inflict damage to you (even during the Damage Step) (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; the damage you take from that effect is halved. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Octostretch". You can only use this effect of "Gouki Octostretch" once per turn.')
('Chronomaly Aztec Mask Golem', 'During your turn, if you have activated a "Chronomaly" Spell Card previously this turn, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only control 1 "Chronomaly Aztec Mask Golem".')
('Dimension Reflector', "Activate this card by banishing 2 monsters you control, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon this card in Attack Position as an Effect Monster (Spellcaster-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK ?/DEF ?) with ATK and DEF equal to that face-up monster's ATK. (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If this monster is Summoned this way: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to this card's ATK.")
('Infernity Break', 'If you have no cards in your hand: Target 1 "Infernity" card in your Graveyard and 1 card your opponent controls; banish the first target, and if you do, destroy the second target.')
('Card Rotator', 'Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard. Change the battle positions of all monsters your opponent controls. (Face-down Defense Position monsters are flipped to face-up Attack Position.)')
('Battle Survivor', 'At the end of the Battle Phase: You can add 1 card from your GY to your hand, except "Battle Survivor", that was sent there during this Battle Phase while you controlled this face-up card. You can only use this effect of "Battle Survivor" once per turn.')
('Evilswarm Kerykeion', 'You can only use each effect of "Evilswarm Kerykeion" once per turn. While this card is in the Graveyard, if it was sent there this turn, you can Normal Summon 1 "lswarm" monster for 1 less Tribute.\nYou can banish 1 "lswarm" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 "lswarm" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand, also, this card gains the following effect.\n● This turn: You can activate this effect; Normal Summon 1 "lswarm" monster.')
('Witchcrafter Creation', 'Add 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your Deck to your hand. During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "Witchcrafter Creation" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Biofalcon', 'When a Machine-Type monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard while this card is face-up on the field, you can add 1 Machine-Type monster with 1000 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.')
('Shadowknight Archfiend', "The controller of this card pays 900 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases (this is not optional). When this card is targeted by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, when resolving the effect, roll a six-sided die. If the result is 3, negate the effect and destroy the opponent's card. The Battle Damage this card inflicts to your opponent is halved.")
('Kozmo Dark Destroyer', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. Cannot be targeted by an opponent\'s card effects. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck.')
('Protector Whelp of the Destruction Swordsman', '2 monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can send 1 "Destruction Sword" card from your Deck to the GY, then, you can Special Summon 1 "Buster Blader" monster from your hand. At the end of your Battle Phase, if your opponent controls no monsters: You can target 1 "Buster Blader" monster you control that did not declare an attack this turn; inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster\'s ATK. You can only use each effect of "Protector Whelp of the Destruction Swordsman" once per turn.')
('Deep-Eyes White Dragon', 'When a face-up "Blue-Eyes" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect, and you have a Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, inflict 600 damage to your opponent for each Dragon-Type monster with different names in your Graveyard. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Target 1 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; this card\'s ATK becomes equal to that monster\'s. If this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.')
('Performapal Odd-Eyes Light Phoenix', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhen an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack while you have a card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy the card in your other Pendulum Zone, and if you do, Special Summon this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Performapal" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('D.D. Warrior Lady', "After damage calculation, when this card battles an opponent's monster: You can banish that monster, also banish this card.")
('Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato', 'During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; destroy this card, and if you do, Special Summon 2 "Meklord Army" monsters from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato", also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Machine monsters. If this card is sent to the GY: You can activate this effect; during the End Phase of this turn, you can inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each "Meklord" monster you control. You can only use each effect of "Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato" once per turn.')
('Chaos Goddess', '1 LIGHT Tuner + 2+ non-Tuner DARK monsters\nOnce per turn: You can send 1 LIGHT monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 Level 5 or higher DARK monster in your GY; Special Summon that monster, but it cannot be used as Synchro Material.')
('Lyrilusc - Sapphire Swallow', 'If you control a Winged Beast-Type monster: You can Special Summon both this card and 1 Level 1 Winged Beast-Type monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Lyrilusc - Sapphire Swallow" once per turn. A WIND Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.\r\n● If it is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 "Lyrilusc" monster in your Graveyard; attach it to this card as Xyz Material.')
('Dust Tornado', 'Target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy that target, then you can Set 1 Spell/Trap from your hand.')
('Light End Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner LIGHT monsters\nAt attack declaration, if this card battles another monster: You can have this card lose 500 ATK and DEF (permanently), and the monster this card is battling loses 1500 ATK and DEF until the End Phase.')
('Ibicella Lutea', 'Cannot be destroyed by battle while you control another monster. Neither player can target face-up Spells/Traps you control with card effects.')
('Battlewasp - Halberd the Charge', '1 Insect Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per battle, during damage calculation, if this card attacks an opponent\'s monster with equal or higher ATK (Quick Effect): You can halve the ATK of that opponent\'s monster, during that damage calculation only. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each "Battlewasp" monster you control. You can only use this effect of "Battlewasp - Halberd the Charge" once per turn.')
('Star Boy', 'As long as this card remains face-up on the field, increase the ATK of all WATER monsters by 500 points and decrease the ATK of all FIRE monsters by 400 points.')
('Geargiagear Gigant XG', '3 Level 3 monsters\nDuring either player\'s Battle Step, while an attack involving your Machine-Type monster is occurring: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the effects of all face-up cards your opponent currently controls, also your opponent cannot activate cards or effects. These effects last until the end of the Damage Step. When this face-up card leaves the field: You can target 1 other "Geargia" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('One-Time Passcode', 'Special Summon 1 "Security Token" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 2000/DEF 2000) in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "One-Time Passcode" per turn.')
('Infinitrack Goliath', '1 non-Link "Infinitrack" monster\r\nIf this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to that monster as material. You can only use this effect of "Infinitrack Goliath" once per turn. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Machine and has this card as material gains this effect.\r\n● This card cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Lesser Fiend', '(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)\nBanish any monster destroyed by battle with this card.')
('Card of Fate', 'Each player chooses 1 card from their Deck, then each player combines it with 4 additional random cards chosen from their Deck by their opponent, then randomly selects 1 of those 5 cards to reveal and add to their hand. Shuffle the rest back into the Decks. You can only activate 1 "Card of Fate" per turn.')
('Ghost Ship', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT monster from your Graveyard.')
('F.A. Downforce', 'Target 1 "F.A." monster you control; increase its Level by 2 until the end of this turn. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "F.A." monster you control; increase its Level by 2 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "F.A. Downforce" once per turn.')
('Dark Sanctuary', 'If a "Spirit Message" card would be placed on your field with "Destiny Board", you can Special Summon it as a Normal Monster (Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) instead, and if you do, it is unaffected by card effects, except "Destiny Board", and cannot be targeted for attacks, but does not prevent your opponent from attacking you directly. When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Toss a coin and if the result is heads, negate the attack, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the current ATK of that opponent\'s monster.')
('Performapal Coin Dragon', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 Dragon-Type monster you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; this turn, if that monster you control battles an opponent's monster, banish that opponent's monster after damage calculation (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOther Dragon-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK, also they cannot be destroyed by card effects.")
('Destiny HERO - Dusktopia', '1 "Destiny HERO" Fusion Monster + 1 "Destiny HERO" monster\r\nIf this card is Fusion Summoned: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster on the field; make it unable to be destroyed by battle or card effects, and if you do, neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving that monster (these effects last until the end of this turn).')
('Predaplanet', 'If a monster with a Predator Counter leaves the field while this card is face-up on the field: Add 1 "Predap" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Predaplanet" once per turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. Only "Predaplant" monsters can be used as Fusion Materials for a Fusion Summon using this effect.')
('Dodger Dragon', "This card's Normal Summon cannot be negated. After this card was Normal Summoned, your opponent cannot activate Counter Trap Cards for the rest of that turn.")
('Phantasm Spiral Dragon', 'A ferocious serpent that was being hunted by Atlanteans. Battle-weary and ragged, it came upon an ancient light, and gained new strength for its battle. With its increased power, it launched an invasion of enemy territory with a renewed assault.')
('Guard Ghost', 'If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can target 1 monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn. During the End Phase, if this card is currently banished, and was banished this turn: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Guard Ghost" once per turn.')
('Superheavy Samurai Swordmaster Musashi', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 Machine monster in your GY; add it to your hand, also if you have a Spell/Trap in your GY, you cannot Normal or Special Summon it, or a monster with its name, for the rest of this turn. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation.')
('Magical Abductor', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nEach time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. Once per turn: You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nEach time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. Gains 100 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. Once per turn: You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; add 1 Level 1 Spellcaster monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Commander of Swords', 'When your opponent draws for their normal draw in their Draw Phase: They reveal the card(s) they drew, then if any is a Spell/Trap Card, you apply 1 of these effects.\n● Discard all cards they drew.\n● Destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card they control.')
('Shaddoll Hound', 'FLIP: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" card in your GY; add it to your hand.\r\nIf this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target 1 monster on the field; change its battle position. (Flip monsters\' effects are not activated at this time, except "Shaddoll" monsters\'.) You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Hound" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Swordsman from a Distant Land', "If this card attacked an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: Destroy that monster during the 5th End Phase after the attack.")
('Reinforced Human Psychic Borg', 'Up to twice per turn, you can remove from play 1 Psychic-Type monster from your Graveyard to have this card gain 500 ATK.')
('Ritual Raven', 'If you Ritual Summon a DARK Ritual Monster, this 1 card can be used as the entire Tribute.')
('Sky Striker Mecha - Hornet Drones', 'If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zone: Special Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace Token" (Warrior/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position, which cannot be Tributed, and if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY when this effect resolves, the Token\'s ATK/DEF become 1500 instead.')
('Time-Space Trap Hole', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the hand or Extra Deck: Shuffle that monster(s) into the Deck, then you lose 1000 LP for each returned monster.')
('Knight of the Red Lotus', 'If you have exactly 3 Normal Monsters in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from your hand by removing from play 2 Normal Monsters from your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can select and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your Graveyard.')
('The First Monarch', "Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 6/ATK 1000/DEF 2400). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way: You can discard 1 card, then declare 1 Attribute; this card becomes that Attribute, and can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a monster with the same Attribute as this card. If this card was Summoned this way, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except monsters with this card's Attribute.")
('Galaxy Mirror Sage', 'FLIP: You gain 500 LP for each "Galaxy" monster in your Graveyard.\nWhen this card is destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard after being flipped face-up: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Galaxy" monster from your Deck or Graveyard in face-down Defense Position. Banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Gouki The Solid Ogre', '2+ "Gouki" monsters\r\nCannot be destroyed by battle or card effects while it points to a "Gouki" monster. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 "Gouki" monster in your Main Monster Zone, except "Gouki The Solid Ogre"; move that monster you control to your Main Monster Zone this card points to.')
('Invoked Caliga', '"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 DARK monster\r\nIf a player\'s monster effect attempts to activate, none of that player\'s monsters can activate their effects for the rest of this turn while this card is face-up on the field. Each player can attack with only 1 monster during each Battle Phase.')
('Time Thief Perpetua', '2 Level 4 monsters\r\nDuring the Standby Phase: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Time Thief" monster in your GY, except "Time Thief Perpetua"; Special Summon that monster. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 other Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 "Time Thief" card from your Deck to it as material. You can only use each effect of "Time Thief Perpetua" once per turn.')
('Super Quantal Union - Magnaformation', 'Your opponent cannot target "Super Quant" cards on the field with card effects during your Main Phase 1. You can target 1 "Super Quant" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 other face-up monster you control to it as material. You can only use this effect of "Super Quantal Union - Magnaformation" once per turn.')
('Super Hippo Carnival', 'Special Summon 1 "Performapal Hip Hippo" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, then you can Special Summon as many "Hippo Tokens" (Beast-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) as possible, but they cannot be Tributed, and monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters for attacks for the rest of this turn, except "Hippo Tokens". You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while a "Hippo Token" is in a Monster Zone.')
('Mist Valley Thunderbird', 'When this face-up card on the field returns to the hand, Special Summon it. This card cannot attack during the turn it was Special Summoned by this effect.')
('Artifact Dagda', '2 monsters with different names\r\nWhen an effect of another card on the field is activated (Quick Effect): You can Set 1 "Artifact" monster from your hand or Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell, but destroy it during your opponent\'s next End Phase. During your opponent\'s turn, if this Link Summoned card is destroyed: You can Special Summon 1 "Artifact" monster from your GY in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Artifact Dagda" once per turn.')
('Great Long Nose', "This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to the owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn that this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. If this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, your opponent skips their next Battle Phase.")
('Rank-Up-Magic Revolution Force', '● During your turn: Target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Raidraptor" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that target, by using that target as the Xyz Material.\n● During your opponent\'s turn: Target 1 Xyz Monster your opponent controls with no Xyz Materials; take control of that Xyz Monster, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Raidraptor" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster, by using it as the Xyz Material.\n(These Special Summons are treated as Xyz Summons. Attached Xyz Materials also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.)')
('Chronomaly City Babylon', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Chronomaly" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Chronomaly" monster in your Graveyard with the same Level as the banished monster; Special Summon it.')
('Infernal Flame Vixen', "2 Pyro-Type Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains 500 ATK until your opponent's End Phase. When this card with 2500 or more ATK is destroyed: Target 3 monsters in any Graveyard(s); banish those targets.")
('Void Vanishment', 'You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Void" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand, except "Void Vanishment" or "Null and Void", also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Infernoid" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Void Vanishment" once per turn. If an "Infernoid" monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster, after damage calculation: You can send this card to the Graveyard; banish those monsters.')
('Darklord Nergal', 'You can only Special Summon "Darklord Nergal(s)" once per turn. If your Fairy monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. (Quick Effect): You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 "Darklord" Spell/Trap in your GY; apply that target\'s effect, then shuffle that target into the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Darklord Nergal" once per turn.')
('Prank-Kids Rip-Roarin-Roaster', '2+ "Prank-Kids" monsters\r\nMust be Link Summoned. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; destroy all Spells and Traps your opponent controls. If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by your opponent\'s card: You can target 1 card in your GY, except a Link Monster; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Rip-Roarin-Roaster" once per turn.')
('Tactical Espionage Expert', 'When this card is Normal Summoned successfully, no Trap Cards can be activated.')
('Against the Wind', 'Select 1 "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard. Take damage equal to the ATK of the selected monster, and add it to your hand.')
('Magnarokket Dragon', 'When a Link Monster\'s effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then send 1 monster on the field to the GY. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Magnarokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Magnarokket Dragon" once per turn.')
('Give and Take', "Special Summon 1 monster from your Graveyard to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position, and increase the Level of 1 monster you control by the Level of the Special Summoned monster, until the End Phase.")
('Rare Metal Dragon', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set.')
('Cross Over', 'Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls and 1 Warrior monster you control; equip that opponent\'s face-up monster to your monster as an Equip Spell, and if you do, until the end of this turn, your opponent takes no damage from battles involving that monster you control. You can only activate 1 "Cross Over" per turn. While equipped, if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy the monster equipped to it by this effect, instead.')
('Motivating Captain', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but it has its effects negated.')
('Hero Ring', 'Target 1 Warrior-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK; equip this card to that target. Monsters your opponent controls with 1900 or more ATK cannot attack that target.')
('Ectoplasmic Fortification!', '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.] \r\n\r\nOnce per turn, if you control a Zombie monster, you can place 1 counter on this card. All Zombie monsters you control gain 100 ATK and lose 100 DEF for each counter on this card. Any battle damage you take from battles involving your Zombie monster is doubled.')
('Evil★Twin Challenge', 'Target 1 "Kisikil" or "Lilla" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then, immediately after this effect resolves, you can Link Summon 1 "Evil★Twin" Link Monster using monsters you control as material. You can only activate 1 "Evil★Twin Easy Game" per turn.')
('Matching Outfits', 'Both players reveal the top card of their Deck, and if they are the same type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap), both players add them to their hands. Otherwise, banish them.')
('Burning Land', "When this card is activated: If there are any Field Spell Cards on the field, destroy them. During each player's Standby Phase: The turn player takes 500 damage.")
('Marincess Crown Tail', 'During damage calculation, if a monster battles another monster (Quick Effect): You can send 1 other "Marincess" monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, the damage you take from that battle is halved. At the start of the Damage Step, if an opponent\'s monster attacks: You can banish this card from your GY; this turn, you take no battle damage that is less than or equal to the total Link Rating of the "Marincess" Link Monsters in your GY x 1000. You can only use each effect of "Marincess Crown Tail" once per turn.')
('The Stern Mystic', 'FLIP: Reveal all face-down cards on the field (Flip Effects are not activated), then return them to their original positions.')
('Trickstar Magical Laurel', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 "Trickstar" monster in your GY; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. Once per turn, if the equipped monster inflicts battle or effect damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 1 "Trickstar" monster from your hand. You can only activate 1 "Trickstar Magical Laurel" per turn.')
('Dogmatika Genesis', 'Target 1 banished Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Monster, and 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls with the same card type (Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link); return that banished monster to the Extra Deck, and if you do, negate the effects of that opponent\'s monster. You can only activate 1 "Dogmatika Genesis" per turn.')
('Fire Phoenix @Ignister', '2+ Cyberse monsters\r\nDuring damage calculation, if this card attacks: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to this card\'s ATK, and if you do, your opponent takes no battle damage from that battle. If this card is destroyed by card effect: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls. During the next Standby Phase after this Link Summoned card was destroyed and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card from your GY. You can only use each effect of "Fire Phoenix @Ignister" once per turn.')
('Jerry Beans Man', 'Jerry, a bean soldier, believes he is the strongest warrior in the world, but his true abilities are still untested.')
('Infernoid Seitsemas', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Graveyard) by banishing 2 "Infernoid" monsters from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks an opponent\'s monster, this effect can be activated at the end of the Battle Phase: Banish 1 card on the field. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent\'s Graveyard; banish it.')
('Infernity Beetle', 'While you have no cards in your hand, you can Tribute this card to Special Summon up to 2 "Infernity Beetle" from your Deck.')
('Secret Six Samurai - Fuma', 'If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Six Samurai" monster from your Deck, except "Secret Six Samurai - Fuma". If exactly 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('The Regulation of Tribe', 'Declare 1 Type of monster. Monsters of the declared Type cannot attack. Tribute 1 monster from your side of the field during each of your Standby Phases. If you do not, this card is destroyed.')
('Yellow Luster Shield', 'Increase the DEF of all monsters on your side of the field by 300 points.')
('Golden Castle of Stromberg', 'Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, you must banish 10 cards from the top of your Deck face-down (this is not optional), or this card is destroyed. During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck that specifically lists the card "Golden Castle of Stromberg" in its text. You cannot Normal Summon/Set the turn you activate this effect (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Golden Castle of Stromberg" once per turn. When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Destroy the attacking monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the ATK that monster had on the field.')
('Inferno Hammer', "When this card destroys your opponent's monster and sends it to the Graveyard as a result of battle, you can select 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field and flip it into face-down Defense Position.")
('Naturia Cherries', 'If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard by your opponent\'s card (including by battle, card effect, or by being destroyed), you can Special Summon up to 2 "Naturia Cherries" from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.')
('Confusion Chaff', 'Activate only when your opponent declares a second direct attack during the same Battle Phase. Conduct battle between the attacking monster and the first monster that attacked directly (other effects cannot be activated during this battle).')
('Chaos Zone', "Each time a monster(s) is banished, place 1 Chaos Counter on this card for each of those monsters. Once per turn: You can remove 4 or more Chaos Counters from your field, then target 1 banished monster with a Level equal to the number removed; Special Summon that target. When this card on the field is sent to the GY by your opponent's card effect: You can add 1 LIGHT or DARK monster from your Deck to your hand, whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Chaos Counters that were on this card.")
('Naturia Rosewhip', 'Your opponent can only activate 1 Spell/Trap Card per turn.')
('Seed Cannon', 'Each time a Plant-Type monster(s) is Summoned, place 1 Plant Counter on this card (max. 5). You can send this card to the Graveyard to inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Plant Counter on it.')
('Darkness Neosphere', "This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by sending 1 Fiend-Type monster you control and 1 Fiend-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard when your opponent's monster declares an attack. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn, you can return all face-up Trap Cards you control to the hand.")
('Grand Spiritual Art - Ichirin', 'Once per turn, while you control a Spellcaster monster with 1500 DEF, negate any monster effect activated by your opponent. During your Main Phase: You can reveal 1 Spellcaster monster in your hand, and if you do, add 1 monster with 1500 ATK/200 DEF and the same Attribute from your Deck to your hand, and if you do that, shuffle the revealed card into the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Grand Spiritual Art - Ichirin" once per turn.')
('Ahrima, the Wicked Warden', 'You can discard this card; add 1 "Lair of Darkness" from your Deck to your hand. You can Tribute 1 DARK monster; draw 1 card, or, if you Tributed a DARK monster other than this card to activate this effect, you can add 1 DARK monster with 2000 or more DEF from your Deck to your hand, instead. You can only use this effect of "Ahrima, the Wicked Warden" once per turn.')
('Pot of Benevolence', 'Select 2 cards from the Graveyard(s), and shuffle them into their owner\'s Deck(s). After activation, remove this card from play instead of sending it to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Pot of Benevolence" per turn.')
('Evil HERO Adusted Gold', 'You can discard this card; add 1 "Dark Fusion", or 1 card that specifically lists "Dark Fusion" in its text, from your Deck to your hand, except "Evil HERO Adusted Gold". You can only use this effect of "Evil HERO Adusted Gold" once per turn. Cannot attack unless you control a Fusion Monster.')
('Gagagabolt', 'If you control a "Gagaga" monster: Target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.')
('The Sanctified Darklord', 'Send 1 "Darklord" monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the GY; negate the effects of 1 Effect Monster on the field until the end of this turn, and if you do, gain LP equal to its ATK. You can only activate 1 "The Sanctified Darklord" per turn.')
('Cold Wave', 'This card can only be activated at the start of Main Phase 1. Until your next turn, you and your opponent cannot play or Set any Spell or Trap Cards.')
('Evilswarm Ophion', '2 Level 4 "lswarm" monsters\nWhile this card has Xyz Material, Level 5 or higher monsters cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 "Infestation" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Shore Knight', 'Once per turn, if the battle position of this face-up card on the field is changed: Send 1 WATER monster from your Deck to the GY.')
('Damage Vaccine Omega MAX', 'When you take damage by battle or by a card effect: Gain Life Points equal to the damage you took.')
('Creepy Coney', 'FLIP: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each face-up Normal Monster you control, except Tokens.')
('Training Fur Hire, Fur All Your Training Needs', 'If a face-up monster(s) "Fur Hire" you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: You can target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your Deck, whose Level is lower than that target\'s original Level. You can only use this effect of "Training Fur Hire, Fur All Your Training Needs" once per turn.')
('The Six Samurai - Nisashi', 'While you control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name, this card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.')
('Two Frogs with One Hop', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; Special Summon it to your opponent\'s field, but negate its effects, also equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. The equipped monster cannot attack, also monsters cannot target it for attacks. If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster is used as Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Material: You can take control of that Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summoned monster. You can only activate 1 "Two Toads with One Hop" per turn.')
('Aegaion the Sea Castrum', '2 Level 8 monsters\nDuring either player\'s turn: You can banish 1 random face-down monster from your opponent\'s Extra Deck, face-up, and if you do, this card\'s ATK becomes equal to the banished monster\'s. During either player\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 of your opponent\'s banished Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monsters; return it to the Extra Deck, and if you do, destroy 1 monster your opponent controls with the same monster card type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz). You can only use each effect of "Aegaion the Sea Castrum" once per turn.')
('Ally of Justice Unlimiter', 'You can Tribute this card to select 1 face-up "Ally of Justice" monster you control. Double its original ATK until the End Phase.')
('Spiritual Beast Apelio', 'Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your Graveyard; for the rest of this turn, all "Ritual Beast" monsters you control will gain 500 ATK and DEF. You can only Special Summon "Spiritual Beast Apelio(s)" once per turn.')
('Arcana Force III - The Empress', 'When this card is Summoned, toss a coin: ● Heads: Each time your opponent Normal Summons or Sets a monster, you can Special Summon 1 "Arcana Force" monster from your hand. ● Tails: Each time your opponent Normal Summons or Sets a monster, send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard.')
('Dark Necrofear', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 3 Fiend monsters from your GY. During the End Phase, if this card is in your GY because it was destroyed in your Monster Zone by an opponent's card and sent there this turn: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, take control of that monster.")
('Gladiator Beast Heraklinos', '"Gladiator Beast Laquari" + 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) During either player\'s turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can discard 1 card; negate the activation and destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Terrorking Salmon', 'A feared salmon, master of the Sea of Darkness. Its roe is the best delicacy in the World of Darkness.')
('Grinder Token', 'This card can be used as a "Grinder Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Beautunaful Princess', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Fish-Type monster from your Deck, except "Beautunaful Princess". You can only use this effect of "Beautunaful Princess" once per turn.')
('Wall of Illusion', 'If this card is attacked by a monster, after damage calculation: Return that monster to the hand.')
('Code Talker Inverted', '2 Cyberse monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Cyberse monster from your hand to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Code Talker Inverted" once per turn.')
('Gladiator Beast War Chariot', 'When an Effect Monster\'s effect is activated, if you control a face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster: Negate the activation and destroy it.')
('Vendread Reorigin', 'Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that has a Level; Tribute it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Vendread Token" (Zombie/DARK/ATK 0/DEF 0) with a Level equal to the Tributed monster\'s original Level. While the Token Special Summoned by this effect is on the field, you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters, except "Vendread" monsters.')
('Mythical Bestiary', 'Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY, then target 1 face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on; place up to 2 Spell Counters on it. If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck that you can place a Spell Counter on, and if you do, place up to 2 Spell Counters on it. You can only activate 1 "Mythical Bestiary" per turn.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Speeder", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Machine-Type monster in your hand. If you draw "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" during your Draw Phase, you can reveal it to your opponent to draw 1 more card.')
('Blue Dragon Summoner', 'If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 Dragon, Warrior, or Spellcaster Normal Monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Vision HERO Increase', 'If you take battle or effect damage while this card is in your GY: You can place this card from your GY in your Spell & Trap Zone as a face-up Continuous Trap. During the Main Phase, if this card is treated as a Continuous Trap: You can Tribute 1 "HERO" monster; Special Summon this card. If this card is Special Summoned from the Spell & Trap Zone: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Vision HERO" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Vision HERO Increase" once per turn.')
('Cost Down', 'Discard 1 card; for the rest of this turn, reduce the Levels of all monsters in your hand by 2 (even after they are Summoned).')
('Icy Crevasse', "When exactly 1 monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; send that target to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK in the Graveyard.")
('Venom Shot', 'Activate only while you control a face-up "Venom" monster, "Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes", or "Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes". Send 1 Reptile-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard and place 2 Venom Counters on 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.')
('Lucky Loan', 'Target 1 "Fortune Fairy" monster you control; Special Summon 1 Spellcaster monster from your hand or Deck, whose original Level is 1 lower than that monster\'s, also during your next turn after this card resolves, you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters, except Spellcaster monsters. You can only activate 1 "Lucky Loan" per turn.')
('Sunavalon Dryades', '2 Plant monsters, including a "Sunavalon" Link Monster\r\nCannot be targeted for attacks, but does not prevent your opponent from attacking you directly. Up to twice per turn, if you take battle or effect damage: You can gain that much LP, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Sunvine" monster from your Extra Deck.')
('Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke', 'You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Speedroid" Tuner monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke". You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke" once per turn.')
('Capshell', 'You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Capshell" per turn, and only once that turn.\r\n● If this card is Tributed: You can draw 1 card.\r\n● If this card is used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, or Link Summon: You can draw 1 card.\r\n● If this card is detached from an Xyz Monster to activate that monster\'s effect: You can draw 1 card.')
('Gaia Plate the Earth Giant', 'You can Special Summon this card by removing from play any 2 Rock-Type monsters in your Graveyard. During your Standby Phase, remove from play 1 Rock-Type monster in your Graveyard, or send this card to the Graveyard. Halve the ATK and DEF of any monster that battles with this card.')
('Traptrix Genlisea', 'Unaffected by the effects of "Hole" Normal Traps. You can Tribute this card; Set 2 "Hole" Normal Traps with different names, 1 from your Deck and 1 from your GY, but banish them when they leave the field. You can only use this effect of "Traptrix Genlisea" once per turn.')
('Elemental HERO Chaos Neos', '"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Dark Panther" + "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss"\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn, during the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck, and if you do, Set all face-up monsters on the field. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can toss a coin 3 times.\n● 3 Heads: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.\n● 2 Heads: For the rest of this turn, the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent controls are negated.\n● 1 Head: Return all monsters you control to the hand.')
('Gadget Arms', 'FLIP: Select 1 "Morphtronic" Spell or Trap Card in your Graveyard and add it to your hand.')
('Card Trooper', 'Once per turn: You can choose a number from 1 to 3, then send that many cards from the top of your Deck to the GY; this card gains 500 ATK for each card sent to the GY this way, until the end of this turn. If this card you control is destroyed and sent to your GY: Draw 1 card.')
('Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor', 'This face-up card on the field cannot be used as a Synchro Material. If this card is in the Graveyard: You can target 1 non-Tuner "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard; banish both this card and that target, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Blackwing" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck whose Level equals the total Levels of the banished monsters, but its effects are negated.')
('Dark Scorpion Combination', 'You can only activate this card when there are "Don Zaloog", "Cliff the Trap Remover", "Dark Scorpion - Chick the Yellow", "Dark Scorpion - Gorg the Strong", and "Dark Scorpion - Meanae the Thorn" face-up on your side of the field. During this turn, any of these 5 cards can attack your opponent\'s Life Points directly. In that case, the Battle Damage inflicted to your opponent by each of those cards becomes 400 points.')
('Lady Assailant of Flames', 'FLIP: Banish the top 3 cards of your Deck; inflict 800 damage to your opponent.')
('Gem-Knight Phantom Quartz', '2 "Gem-" monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your Deck to your hand. You can pay 1000 LP; Fusion Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by shuffling Fusion Materials in your possession listed on it into your Deck, that are banished or in the GY, but it cannot attack directly this turn. You can only use each effect of "Gem-Knight Phantom Quartz" once per turn.')
('Vanguard of the Dragon', "You can send 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard; this card gains 300 ATK. When this card you control is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card effect: You can target 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster in either player's Graveyard; Special Summon that target.")
('Armed Dragon Thunder LV5', 'This card\'s name becomes "Armed Dragon LV5" while on the field or in the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Armed Dragon Thunder LV5" once per turn.\r\n● You can send 1 monster from your hand to the GY; send this card from the field to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower "Armed Dragon" monster from your hand or Deck.\r\n● If this card is sent to the GY to activate a Dragon monster\'s effect: You can add 1 Level 5 or higher WIND Dragon monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('SPYRAL GEAR - Fully Armed', 'Equip only to "SPYRAL Super Agent". It gains 1000 ATK. If it destroys your opponent\'s monster by battle: You can banish both the opponent\'s destroyed monster and 1 other card your opponent controls. When this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "SPYRAL Super Agent" in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.')
('White Rose Cloister', 'If you control no monsters: You can Special Summon 1 "Rose Dragon" monster or 1 Plant monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "White Rose Cloister" once per turn. During your Draw Phase, before you draw: You can declare 1 type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); reveal the top card of your Deck, and if it was the declared type, for the rest of this turn, Level 7 or higher Synchro Monsters you control gain 1000 ATK (even if this card leaves the field).')
('Return of the Zombies', 'Banish 1 Zombie monster on the field, then Special Summon 1 Zombie monster from the GY of the player who controlled it, to their field, in Defense Position. If this card is in your GY: You can shuffle 1 of your banished Zombie monsters into the Deck, and if you do, Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Return of the Zombies" once per turn.')
('Solemn Judgment', 'When a monster(s) would be Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Pay half your LP; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Last Will', 'If a monster on your side of the field was sent to your Graveyard this turn, you can Special Summon 1 monster with an ATK of 1500 points or less from your Deck once during this turn. Then shuffle your Deck.')
('Zera Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Zera the Mant". You must also Tribute monsters from the field or your hand whose total Levels equal 8 or more.')
('Unshaven Angler', 'When Tribute Summoning a WATER monster, you can treat this 1 monster as 2 Tributes.')
('Infinitrack Crab Crane', 'You can Tribute 1 EARTH Machine monster; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can banish 1 Machine monster from your GY; add 1 "Outrigger Extension" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Crab Crane" once per turn.')
('Umbral Horror Unform', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard while attacking a monster: You can Special Summon 2 "Umbral Horror" monsters from your Deck. You can only use the effect of "Umbral Horror Unform" once per turn.')
('Robolady', 'A warrior fully covered with metal. It upgrades by fusing with "Roboyarou".')
('Generaider Boss Fight', 'Activate 1 "Generaider" Field Spell directly from your Deck or GY, then your opponent draws 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Generaider Boss Fight" per turn.')
('Wonder Xyz', 'Immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 Xyz Monster using monsters you control as Materials.')
('Number 39: Utopia Roots', "2 Level 1 monsters\nWhen any player's monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the attack, and if you negated an Xyz Monster's attack, this card gains ATK equal to that monster's Rank x 500.")
('Crusader of Endymion', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the GY. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\r\n● Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on; place 1 Spell Counter on it, and if you do, this card gains 600 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Number 26: Spaceway Octobypass', '2 Level 3 monsters\r\nAt the start of the Battle Phase: You can detach 1 material from this card; during this Battle Phase, a player can only attack with 1 monster, and its attack(s) becomes a direct attack. You can only use this effect of "Number 26: Spaceway Octobypass" once per turn. At the end of the Damage Step, if a monster inflicted battle damage by a direct attack: Give control of the monster that attacked to the turn player\'s opponent.')
('No Entry!!', 'Change all Attack Position monsters to Defense Position.')
('Wattchimera', '1 "Watt" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Thunder-Type monsters\nThis card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, place 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand on top of their Deck.')
('Metalfoes Adamante', '1 "Metalfoes" monster + 1 monster with 2500 or less ATK')
('Primula the Rikka Fairy', 'If a monster you control is Tributed (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can target up to 2 Plant monsters you control; increase their Level(s) by 2 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Primula the Rikka Fairy" once per turn.')
('Sonic Duck', 'A duck which can walk at a sonic speed. Sometimes, he cannot deal with his incredible pace and loses control.')
('Binary Blader', "2 Normal Monsters\r\nThis card gains these effects based on the number of monsters co-linked to this card.\r\n● 1+: When this card declares an attack on an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; this turn, this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, but opponent's monsters cannot be destroyed by battle with this card.\r\n● 2: After damage calculation, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can banish that opponent's monster.")
('Dragunity Legion', 'You can activate 1 of these effects, but you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Dragunity" monsters.\r\n● Target 1 "Dragunity" Monster Card in your Spell & Trap Zone; Special Summon it in Defense Position.\r\n● Target 1 "Dragunity" monster you control; equip that target with 1 "Dragunity" monster from your GY.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Dragunity Legion" once per turn.')
('Miscellaneousaurus', 'During either player\'s Main Phase: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; during this Main Phase, Dinosaur-Type monsters you control are unaffected by your opponent\'s activated effects. You can banish any number of Dinosaur-Type monsters from your Graveyard, including this card; Special Summon 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your Deck with a Level equal to the total number of monsters banished to activate this effect, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Miscellaneousaurus" once per turn.')
('Fire Opalhead', 'A blazingly hardheaded dinosaur leader. It greets its enemies with its signature move Fire Opal Headbutt after toying with them with its dynamic movements and flames.')
('Symbol of Heritage', 'Activate only while there are 3 Monster Cards with the same name in your Graveyard. Select 1 of those monsters, Special Summon it, and equip it with this card. When this card is destroyed, destroy the equipped monster.')
('Cosmic Blazar Dragon', "1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 2+ non-Tuner Synchro Monsters\r\nMust be Synchro Summoned. (Quick Effect): You can banish this card until the End Phase to activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● When your opponent activates a card or effect: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.\r\n● When your opponent would Summon a monster(s): Negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).\r\n● When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Negate the attack, then end the Battle Phase.")
('Norito the Moral Leader', '2 Level 6 Spellcaster monsters\r\nOnce per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Liquid Beast', 'A liquid life form that thrives on water.')
('Hammer Shark', 'Once per turn: You can reduce the Level of this card by 1, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower WATER monster from your hand.')
("Gravekeeper's Vassal", 'Any battle damage this card inflicts to your opponent is treated as effect damage instead.')
('D/D Savant Galilei', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "D/D" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Increase this card\'s Pendulum Scale by 2 (max. 10), then destroy all monsters you control with a Level less than or equal to this card\'s Pendulum Scale, except "D/D" monsters.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nDuring either player\'s turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card you control; return it to the hand. You can only use this effect of "D/D Savant Galilei" once per turn.')
('Cyber End Dragon', '"Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon"\r\nA Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.')
('Chewbone Jr. Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Chewbone".')
('Skill Drain', 'Activate by paying 1000 LP. Negate the effects of all face-up monsters while they are face-up on the field (but their effects can still be activated).')
('Black Stego', 'If this Attack Position card is targeted for an attack: Change this card to Defense Position.')
('Dino Destruction', 'Activate this Skill during your Main Phase. Once per turn, you can choose 1 Level 6 or higher Dinosaur monster you control. This turn, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. Flip this card over at the end of the turn you activated this Skill.')
('Flame Ruler', 'This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a FIRE monster.')
('Stygian Security', 'If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Level 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Deck.')
('Red-Eyes Zombie Necro Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nGains 100 ATK/DEF for each Zombie monster on the field and in the GYs. When another Zombie monster is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Zombie monster from either GY to your field. You can only use this effect of "Red-Eyes Zombie Necro Dragon" once per turn.')
('Shinobird Crow', "Cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn, during either player's Damage Step, when this card battles an opponent's monster: You can discard 1 Spirit monster; until the end of the Battle Phase, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of the discarded monster. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.")
('Dai-sojo of the Ice Barrier', 'When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned, it is changed to Defense Position. Face-up "Ice Barrier" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by Spell or Trap Card effects.')
('De-Spell', 'Target 1 face-up Spell, or 1 Set Spell/Trap, on the field; destroy that target if it is a Spell. (If the target is Set, reveal it.)')
('Armed Dragon Thunder LV7', 'This card\'s name becomes "Armed Dragon LV7" while on the field or in the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Armed Dragon Thunder LV7" once per turn.\r\n● You can send 1 monster from your hand to the GY; send this card from the field to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 10 or lower "Armed Dragon" monster from your hand or Deck.\r\n● If this card is sent to the GY to activate a Dragon monster\'s effect: You can add 1 "Armed Dragon" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Possessed Partnerships', 'Special Summon 1 Spellcaster monster with 1500 DEF from your hand or GY in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position, then, if you control monsters with 2 or more different Attributes, you can destroy 1 face-up card on the field. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Possessed" Continuous Spell/Trap in your GY; place it face-up on your field. You can only use 1 "Possessed Partnerships" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Goldenhair, the Newest Plunder Patroll', 'You can send 1 other "Plunder Patroll" Monster Card from your hand or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is in your GY: You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card, but you cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn, except "Plunder Patroll" monsters. You can only use each effect of "Goldenhair, the Newest Plunder Patroll" once per turn.')
('Buster Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nAll monsters your opponent controls become Dragon-Type. Once per turn, if you do not control a "Buster Blader" monster: You can target 1 "Buster Blader" in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn: You can target 1 "Buster Blader" monster you control; equip it with 1 "Destruction Sword" monster from your Graveyard (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Indulged Darklord', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can take 2 "Darklord" monsters from your hand or Deck with different Levels, except "Indulged Darklord", Special Summon 1 of them to your opponent\'s field in Defense Position and add the other to your hand, also you cannot activate monster effects for the rest of this turn, except Fairy monsters. You can only use this effect of "Indulged Darklord" once per turn.')
('Vehicroid Connection Zone', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Vehicroid" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by card effects, and its effects cannot be negated.')
('Turnabout', 'If there is a face-up monster on the field whose current Level is different from its original Level: Change all monsters on the field to face-down Defense Position.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Aerosguin', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster from your Graveyard, except "Mecha Phantom Beast Aerosguin"; Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). This card\'s Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.')
('Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can remove 6 Spell Counters from your field; Special Summon this card from the Pendulum Zone, then count the number of cards you control that can have a Spell Counter, destroy up to that many cards on the field, and if you do, place Spell Counters on this card equal to the number of cards destroyed. You can only use this effect of "Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can return 1 card you control with a Spell Counter to the hand, and if you do, negate the activation, and if you do that, destroy it. Then, you can place the same number of Spell Counters on this card that the returned card had. While this card has a Spell Counter, your opponent cannot target it with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. When this card with a Spell Counter is destroyed by battle: You can add 1 Normal Spell from your Deck to your hand.')
('Hi-Five the Sky', 'During your Battle Phase: Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster that attacked this turn; it can make a second attack during this Battle Phase. If it does so using this effect, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.')
('Tindangle Intruder', 'FLIP: You can add 1 "Tindangle" card from your Deck to your hand.\r\nWhen this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Tindangle" card from your Deck to the GY. If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field in face-down Defense Position while this card is in your GY: Special Summon this card in face-down Defense Position (this is not optional). You can only use each effect of "Tindangle Intruder" once per turn.')
('Cyberse White Hat', 'If you control 2 or more monsters with the same Type, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Cyberse White Hat" once per turn this way. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material: You can make all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Suture Rebirth', 'Target 1 "Fluffal" or "Frightfur" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated. You can only activate 1 "Suture Rebirth" per turn.')
('Castle Link', "Once per turn: You can target 1 Link Monster on the field; move it to a Main Monster Zone it points to on its controller's field. Once per turn: You can switch the locations of 2 Link Monsters in your Main Monster Zones or 2 Link Monsters in your opponent's Main Monster Zones.")
('Speedroid Gum Prize', 'During the Battle Phase, if you take battle or effect damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During either player\'s Battle Phase in which this card was Special Summoned by its effect, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only WIND monsters you control, including this card. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: You can send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, and if the sent card was a "Speedroid" monster, the Synchro Monster that used this card as Synchro Material gains 1000 ATK.')
('The Hidden City', 'When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Subterror" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can change 1 face-down Defense Position "Subterror" monster you control to face-up Attack or Defense Position. Once per turn, when an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can change 1 face-down Defense Position "Subterror" monster you control to face-up Attack or Defense Position, then you can negate the attack. You can only activate 1 "The Hidden City" per turn.')
('Tri-and-Guess', 'If each player has an Extra Deck: Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); both players reveal their Extra Deck, and the player who has more cards of the declared card type gains 3000 Life Points.')
('Spell Gear', 'Send 3 "Ancient Gear" cards you control to the Graveyard. You can Special Summon up to 1 "Ancient Gear Golem" from your hand and 1 from your Deck, ignoring the Summoning conditions. Then, destroy all monsters you control except "Ancient Gear Golems". You cannot Normal Summon or Set until the end of your next turn.')
('Lightning Rod Lord', 'Neither player can activate Spell Cards during Main Phase 1.')
('Duck Fighter', 'If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can Tribute Tokens whose total Levels equal 3 or more; Special Summon this card. You can only use the effect of "Duck Fighter" once per turn.')
('Magical Explosion', 'Activate only while you have no cards in your hand. Inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each Spell Card in your Graveyard.')
('Roaring Ocean Snake', '"Mystic Lamp" + "Hyosube"')
('Moon Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Arcana Force XVIII - The Moon".')
('Bottomless Shifting Sand', "At the end of your opponent's turn, destroy the face-up monster(s) with the highest ATK on the field. During your own Standby Phase, if you have 4 or less cards in your hand, this card is destroyed.")
('Darkfire Dragon', '"Firegrass" + "Petit Dragon"')
('Kamakiriman', 'A man-shaped mantis with two razor-sharp scythes.')
('Fire King Island', 'If this face-up card in the Field Zone is sent to the Graveyard or banished: Destroy all monsters you control. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Fire King Island" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● During your Main Phase: You can destroy 1 monster in your hand or you control, and if you do, add 1 "Fire King" monster from your Deck to your hand.\n● If you control no monsters: You can Special Summon 1 FIRE Winged Beast-Type monster from your hand.')
('Fairy Tail - Rella', 'Neither player can target monsters on the field with Spell Cards or effects, except this one. Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell; equip 1 Equip Spell from your hand, Deck, or GY to this card, but return that Equip Spell to the hand during the End Phase.')
('Raging Cloudian', 'Activate only when a "Cloudian" monster(s) you control is destroyed by its own effect and sent to the Graveyard. Special Summon 1 of those monsters from your Graveyard in Attack Position and place 1 Fog Counter on it. It cannot be changed to Defense Position by a card effect.')
('Frightfur Tiger', '"Edge Imp Sabres" + 1 or more "Fluffal" monsters\nWhen this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target cards on the field, up to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon; destroy them. All "Frightfur" monsters you control gain 300 ATK for each "Fluffal" monster and "Frightfur" monster you control. You can only control 1 "Frightfur Tiger".')
('DOG Fighter Token', 'Summoned by the effect of "Kozmo DOG Fighter".')
('Spiritual Beast Pettlephin', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your hand, then target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. You can only Special Summon "Spiritual Beast Pettlephin(s)" once per turn.')
('Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can change its battle position. "Superheavy Samurai" monsters you control can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If they do, apply their DEF for damage calculation.')
('Knightmare Incarnation Idlee', 'Level 9 monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Knightmare Incarnation Idlee" once per turn.\r\n● If the total Link Rating of the monsters on the field is 8 or more (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\r\n● If this card is Special Summoned, while your opponent controls more Link Monsters than you do: You can send all Link Monsters on the field to the GY.')
('Beaver Warrior', 'What this creature lacks in size it makes up for in defense when battling in the prairie.')
('Loki, Lord of the Aesir', '1 "Nordic Alfar" Tuner + 2+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card during your Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this face-up card you controlled was destroyed by your opponent\'s card and sent to your GY this turn: You can banish 1 "Nordic Alfar" Tuner from your GY; Special Summon this card. When Summoned this way: You can target 1 Trap in your GY; add that target to your hand.')
('Soul of the Pure', 'Increase your Life Points by 800 points.')
('Gaia the Magical Knight', '(This card is always treated as a "Gaia The Fierce Knight" card.)\r\nIf you control no monsters, or your opponent controls a monster with 2300 or more ATK, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 Dragon monster from your hand or GY in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Gaia the Magical Knight" once per turn.')
('Poly-Chemicritter Dioxogre', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with these effects.\n● The Normal Summon of a Gemini monster cannot be negated.\n● Once per turn: You can banish 1 Gemini monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Secret Six Samurai - Genba', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished "Six Samurai" monsters; add it to your hand. If exactly 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('Mystic Tomato', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 DARK monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.')
('Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow', "If this card battles a face-up monster with DEF equal to or less than this card's ATK, destroy that monster at the start of the Damage Step (without damage calculation).")
('Mage Power', 'The equipped monster gains 500 ATK and DEF for each Spell/Trap Card you control.')
('Blackwing - Black Crest Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Black Wing Revenge".')
('Gem-Knight Zirconia', '1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Rock-Type monster')
('Changing Destiny', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate the attack, and if you do, change it to Defense Position and it cannot change its battle position while it is face-up on the field. Then, your opponent chooses 1 of these effects.\n● You (the opponent of this card's activator) gain LP equal to half the target's ATK.\n● Your opponent (the activator of this card) takes damage equal to half the target's ATK.")
('Lightforce Sword', "Banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand, face-down. During your opponent's 4th Standby Phase after this card's activation, return that card to their hand.")
('Piercing Moray', 'Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster; this card gains 600 ATK. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Vindikite R-Genex', '1 "Genex" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner WIND monsters\nYour opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, you can add 1 "Genex" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Performapal Kaleidoscorp', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nAll LIGHT monsters you control gain 300 ATK.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; this turn, it can attack all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls, once each.')
('Explosive Magician', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner Spellcaster monsters\r\nYou can remove 2 Spell Counters from your field, then target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Black Cat-astrophe', 'During your opponent\'s Battle Phase, if you control 2 or more face-down Defense Position monsters: End the Battle Phase. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 2 face-up monsters on the field, including at least 1 "Prediction Princess" monster; change them to face-down Defense Position.')
('Machina Cannon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 1 or more other Machine monsters from your hand to the GY. Gains 800 ATK for each monster sent to the GY for this Special Summon.')
('Cyber Tutu', 'If the ATK of each monster your opponent controls is higher than the ATK of this card, this card can attack your opponent directly.')
('Beast Rage', 'All monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each of your removed from play Beast-Type and Winged Beast-Type monsters.')
('Steel Ogre Grotto #1', 'A steel idol worshipped in the Land of Machines.')
('Kuriphoton', '(Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand to the GY and pay 2000 LP; you take no damage this turn. If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 "Photon" monster from your hand to the GY, except "Kuriphoton"; add this card from your GY to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kuriphoton" once per turn.')
('Gusto Codor', "When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 WIND Psychic-Type monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck.")
('Chaos Space', 'Send 1 LIGHT or DARK monster from your hand to the GY; add 1 LIGHT or DARK monster that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set from your Deck to your hand, with a Level from 4 to 8, and with a different Attribute than that monster. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 of your banished LIGHT or DARK monsters that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set; place that monster on the bottom of the deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Chaos Space" once per turn.')
('Number 20: Giga-Brilliant', '2 Level 3 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; all face-up monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK.')
('Sonic Maid', "A maiden that uses sound to her advantage, she wields a scythe that's shaped like a musical note.")
('Danger! Bigfoot!', 'You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger! Bigfoot!", Special Summon 1 "Danger! Bigfoot!" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Danger! Bigfoot!" once per turn.')
('Rekindling', 'Special Summon from your GY as many FIRE monsters as possible with 200 DEF, but banish them during the End Phase of this turn.')
('Javelin Beetle Pact', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Javelin Beetle". You must also Tribute monsters from the field or your hand whose total Levels equal 8 or more.')
('Chewbone', 'FLIP: Special Summon 3 "Chewbone Jr. Tokens" (Zombie-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 300) to your opponent\'s field in Defense Position.')
('Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if a monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster, before damage calculation: You can make that monster you control gain ATK equal to the current ATK of the opponent\'s monster it is battling until the end of the Damage Step (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner "Clear Wing" monster\r\nIf this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon" per turn, and only once that turn.\r\n● You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; it has its effects negated until the end of this turn.\r\n● During the Battle Phase, if you control this Synchro Summoned monster (Quick Effect): You can destroy all Level 5 or higher monsters your opponent controls.')
('Evil HERO Malicious Fiend', '"Evil HERO Malicious Edge" + 1 Level 6 or higher Fiend monster\nMust be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion". During your opponent\'s Battle Phase, all monsters they control are changed to face-up Attack Position, and each monster they control must attack this card, if able.')
('Yamadron', 'This monster has three fire-breathing heads and can form a sea of blazing flames.')
('Ritual Beast Ulti-Gaiapelio', '1 "Ritual Beast Ulti" monster + 1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster + 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster\nMust be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If Summoned this way, this card gains this effect.\n● During either player\'s turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your hand; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('A Feather of the Phoenix', 'Discard 1 card, then target 1 card in your GY; return that target to the top of your Deck.')
('Limit Impulse', 'Send 2 cards from your hand to the GY; Special Summon 2 "Soul Tokens" (Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). They cannot be Tributed except for a Tribute Summon.')
('D/D Nighthowl', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "D/D" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fiend-Type monsters. That monster\'s ATK and DEF become 0. If it is destroyed, you take 1000 damage.')
('Bird of Paradise Lost', 'This card gains 100 ATK and DEF for each Tuner monster in your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can send 1 Tuner monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase.')
('Axe of Despair', '(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)\nThe equipped monster gains 1000 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Tribute 1 monster; place this card on the top of your Deck.')
('World Legacy - "World Wand"', 'This Normal Summoned/Set card cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. You can only use each of the following effects of "World Legacy - "World Wand"" once per turn.\n● If this card is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "World Legacy" monster from your hand.\n● You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 of your banished "Orcust" monsters; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.')
('Confiscation', "Pay 1000 Life Points. Look at your opponent's hand, select 1 card in it and discard that card.")
('Uria, Lord of Searing Flames', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 face-up Trap Cards you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Continuous Trap Card in your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. Neither player can activate Spell/Trap Cards in response to this effect's activation.")
('Waking the Dragon', "If this Set card in its owner's control has left the field because of an opponent's effect, and is now in the GY or banished: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck or Extra Deck.")
('Toadally Awesome', '2 Level 2 Aqua-Type monsters\nOnce per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Frog" monster from your Deck. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect: You can send 1 Aqua-Type monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can Set it to your field. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 WATER monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.')
('Shiranui Swordsaga', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nYou can only Special Summon "Shiranui Swordsaga(s)" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster on the field; change its battle position. If this card is banished: You can Special Summon 1 "Shiranui Token" (Zombie/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Swordsaga" once per turn.')
('Flower Cardian Willow', 'While you control a Level 10 or lower "Flower Cardian" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Flower Cardian" monsters. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Flower Cardian" monster in your Graveyard; shuffle it into your Deck, then draw 1 card.')
('Stuffed Animal', 'It may look like a harmless stuffed animal, but its zipper mouth deals a deadly bite.')
('Michael, the Arch-Lightsworn', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner LIGHT monsters\nOnce per turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 card on the field; banish that target. When this card is destroyed: You can target any number of other "Lightsworn" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle them into the Deck, and if you do, you gain 300 LP for each returned card. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Exchange', "Both players reveal their hands and add 1 card from each other's hand to their hand.")
('Playful Possum', 'During your Main Phase: You can destroy this face-up card on the field. Your opponent must control a monster with a higher ATK than this card for you to activate and to resolve this effect. During your Standby Phase, if this card was destroyed by this effect: You can Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Tune Warrior', "The Warrior's antenna can attune it to any energy wave. It can monitor transmissions from miles away but always suffers from bad reception.")
('Beatrice, Lady of the Eternal', '2 Level 6 monsters / You can also Xyz Summon this card by sending 1 "Burning Abyss" monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then using 1 "Dante" monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) If Summoned this way, the following effect cannot be activated this turn. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; send 1 card from your Deck to the Graveyard. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Burning Abyss" monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Kuraz the Light Monarch', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards on the field; destroy those targets, and if you do, each player can draw 1 card for each of the cards they controlled that was destroyed by this effect. This card cannot attack during the turn it is Normal or Special Summoned.')
('Gem Flash Energy', 'During each of your Standby Phases, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the number of face-up Continuous Spell Cards on the field x 300.')
('Crystron Sulfefnir', 'If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can discard 1 "Crystron" card, except "Crystron Sulfefnir"; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, then destroy 1 card you control. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Crystron" monster from your Deck in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Crystron Sulfefnir" once per turn.')
('Sky Striker Ace - Roze', 'If a "Sky Striker Ace" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, except "Sky Striker Ace - Roze" (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If an opponent\'s monster in the Extra Monster Zone is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of your card effect, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, then you can negate the effects of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Sky Striker Ace - Roze" once per turn.')
('Dragunity Arma Gram', 'You can banish 2 Dragon and/or Winged Beast monsters from your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand or GY. You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; negate its effects, and if you do, it loses 1000 ATK for each Equip Card you control. When an opponent\'s monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can equip it to this card. You can only use each effect of "Dragunity Arma Gram" once per turn.')
('Rescue Cat', 'You can send this card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 2 Level 3 or lower Beast-Type monsters from your Deck, but they have their effects negated, also they are destroyed during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Rescue Cat" once per turn.')
('Cyber Commander', 'A strike force equipped with rocket launchers and bazookas.')
('Cyber Pharos', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Machine monster. Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 Machine Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand and/or field as material. When a Fusion Monster you control is destroyed by battle: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Power Bond" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Cyber Pharos" once per turn.')
('Gem-Merchant', "During the Damage Step, in either player's turn, when a face-up EARTH Normal Monster you control attacks or is attacked: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; that monster gains 1000 ATK and DEF until the End Phase.")
('Linkuriboh', '1 Level 1 Monster\r\nWhen an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can Tribute this card; change that opponent\'s monster\'s ATK to 0, until the end of this turn. If this card is in your GY (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 Level 1 monster; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Linkuriboh" once per turn.')
("Knight's Title", 'Tribute 1 face-up "Dark Magician"; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician Knight" from your hand, Deck or Graveyard.')
('Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy', 'If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Tributed this turn to Tribute Summon a "HERO" monster: Draw 1 card.')
('Starfish', 'Once per turn: You can increase the Levels of all "Starfish" you currently control by 1.')
('P.M. Captor', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhen you Pendulum Summon a Zombie-Type monster(s): You can activate this effect; it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card destroys a monster by battle: You can target 1 Pendulum Monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.')
('Kamui, Hope of Gusto', 'FLIP: Special Summon 1 "Gusto" Tuner monster from your Deck.')
('Crusadia Revival', 'All "Crusadia" Link Monsters on the field gain 500 ATK. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Crusadia" Link Monster you control; this turn (even if this card leaves the field), it can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each, also other monsters you control cannot attack.')
('Doom Donuts', 'FLIP: Destroy all face-up monsters on the field with an original ATK or DEF of 0.')
('Puzzlomino, the Drop-n-Deleter', '2 monsters with different Levels\nIf a monster is Special Summoned face-up to a zone this card points to while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can declare a Level from 1 to 8; that monster becomes that Level until the end of the turn. You can target 2 monsters with the same Level (1 from each field); destroy them. You can only use each effect of "Puzzlomino, the Drop-n-Deleter" once per turn.')
("Battlin' Boxer Lead Yoke", '2 Level 4 "Battlin\' Boxer" monsters\nIf a "Battlin\' Boxer" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or by a card effect, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead of destroying 1 of those monsters. When an Xyz Material(s) is detached from this card: This card gains 800 ATK.')
('Dark Jeroid', 'If this card is Summoned: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 800 ATK.')
('"Infernoble Arms - Durendal"', 'While this card is equipped to a monster: You can add 1 Level 5 or lower FIRE Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand, then destroy this card. If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster was sent to the GY: You can target 1 Level 5 or lower FIRE Warrior monster in your GY; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Warrior monsters. You can only use 1 ""Infernoble Arms - Durendal"" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Armaill', 'A strange warrior who manipulates three deadly blades with both hands and his tail.')
('Evilswarm Nightmare', '2 Level 4 DARK monsters\r\nWhen your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 material from this card; change that Special Summoned monster(s) to face-down Defense Position.')
('Tribal Synergy', '[At the start of the Duel, flip this card over.]\r\n\r\nIf you have an “Amazoness” monster and a “Harpie” monster in your hand, reveal them and draw 1 card.\r\n\r\nIf you control an “Amazoness” monster and a “Harpie” monster, draw 2 cards.\r\n\r\nEach of these Skills can only be used once per Duel.')
('Ninjitsu Art of Transformation', 'Activate this card by Tributing 1 face-up "Ninja" monster; Special Summon 1 Beast, Winged Beast, or Insect monster from your hand or Deck whose Level is less than or equal to the Level the Tributed monster had on the field +3. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster.')
('Astral Barrier', "If your opponent's monster attacks a monster you control: You can make the attack a direct attack instead.")
('Six Strike - Thunder Blast', 'Remove 1 Bushido Counter from your side of the field to activate 1 of these effects.\n● Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.\n● Target 1 card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.')
('Ascator, Dawnwalker', 'You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position, then you can Special Summon 1 "Fire Ant Ascator" from your hand or Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except Synchro Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Ascator, Dawnwalker" once per turn.')
('Morphtronic Rusty Engine', 'Equip only to a "Morphtronic" monster. If the equipped monster is destroyed, inflict damage to each player equal to its original ATK.')
('Genex Army', 'When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Genex" monster, you can destroy 1 card your opponent controls.')
('Kozmo Goodwitch', 'During either player\'s turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmo Goodwitch" once per turn. Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change it to face-down Defense Position.')
('Giga Gagagigo', 'In order to fight tremendous evil, he gained formidable power through body reconstruction, but lost his heart and his redemption.')
('Blazewing Butterfly', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● You can Tribute this card, then target 1 Gemini monster in your Graveyard, except "Blazewing Butterfly"; Special Summon that target, and if you do, it becomes an Effect Monster, and gains its effect.')
('Code Talker', "2 Effect Monsters\nGains 500 ATK for each monster this card points to. Cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects, while this card points to a monster.")
('Lightning Tricorn', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Beast-Type monsters\nIf this card is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (either by battle or by card effect), you can select 1 "Thunder Unicorn" or "Voltic Bicorn" in your Graveyard and Special Summon it.')
('Chronomaly Cabrera Trebuchet', 'Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 other "Chronomaly" monster, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0 until the End Phase.')
("D/D/D Oracle King d'Arc", '2 "D/D" monsters\nAny effect that would inflict damage to you makes you gain that much LP, instead.')
('Generaider Boss Loot', 'While you control a Token, your opponent\'s monsters cannot target "Generaider" Effect Monsters for attacks. If a "Generaider" Effect Monster is destroyed by battle: Your opponent draws 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Generaider Boss Loot" once per turn.')
('Silver Fang', "A snow wolf that's beautiful to the eye, but absolutely vicious in battle.")
('Hiita the Fire Charmer, Ablaze', '2 monsters, including a FIRE monster\r\n(This card is always treated as a "Familiar-Possessed" card.)\r\nYou can target 1 FIRE monster in your opponent\'s GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect while in its owner\'s Monster Zone: You can add 1 FIRE monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Hiita the Fire Charmer, Ablaze" once per turn.')
('The Phantom Knights of Break Sword', '2 Level 3 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed: You can target 2 "The Phantom Knights" monsters with the same Level in your GY; Special Summon them and increase their Levels by 1, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.')
('Steelswarm Roach', "2 Level 4 monsters\nDuring either player's turn, when a Level 5 or higher monster would be Special Summoned: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the Special Summon, and if you do, destroy it.")
('PSY-Framegear Alpha', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) while you control no monsters (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame Driver" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and if you do, add 1 "PSY-Frame" card from your Deck to your hand, except "PSY-Framegear Alpha". During the End Phase, banish the face-up monsters Special Summoned by this effect.')
('Marincess Pascalus', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Marincess" monster from your hand in Defense Position, except "Marincess Pascalus". During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Marincess" Spell/Trap in your GY; add it you your hand. You can only use each effect of "Marincess Pascalus" once per turn.')
('Gishki Vision', 'If you Ritual Summon exactly 1 WATER Ritual Monster with a card effect that requires use of monsters, this card can be used as the entire requirement. You can discard this card; add 1 "Gishki" Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring', 'When a card or effect is activated that includes any of these effects (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; negate that effect.\n● Add a card from the Deck to the hand.\n● Special Summon from the Deck.\n● Send a card from the Deck to the GY.\nYou can only use this effect of "Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring" once per turn.')
('Boon of the Meklord Emperor', 'If the only face-up monsters on the field are 2 "Meklord" monsters: Draw 2 cards. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Number C39: Utopia Ray V', '3 Level 5 monsters\nWhen this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card (either by battle or by card effect): You can target 1 Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; return that target to the Extra Deck. If this card has a "Utopia" monster as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster\'s ATK on the field.')
('Djinn the Watcher of the Wind', 'This creature generates gale-force winds and tornadoes to blow its enemies away.')
('Elemental Training', 'Your opponent cannot target "Palace of the Elemental Lords" you control with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your Deck with a different original Attribute than that monster\'s. You can send this face-up card from the field to the GY; discard your entire hand, then add "Elemental Lord" monsters from your GY to your hand, equal to the number of cards discarded.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Kalgriffin', 'You can Tribute 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monsters; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mecha Phantom Beast Kalgriffin" once per turn. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster; Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0).')
('Alien Psychic', 'This card is changed to Defense Position when it is Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned. Monsters with A-Counters cannot declare an attack.')
('Malefic Claw Stream', 'Activate only if you control a face-up "Malefic" monster. Select 1 monster your opponent controls, and destroy it.')
('Elemental HERO Bubbleman', 'If this is the only card in your hand, you can Special Summon it (from your hand). When this card is Summoned: You can draw 2 cards. You must control no other cards and have no cards in your hand to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Jurrac Meteor', '1 "Jurrac" Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner Dinosaur-Type monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned, destroy all cards on the field. Then, you can Special Summon 1 Tuner monster from your Graveyard.')
('DUCKER Mobile Cannon', 'FLIP: Target 1 Level 4 monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Freezing Beast', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this monster on the field, you can equip it to your "Burning Beast" as an Equip Spell Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card\'s effect, each time the equipped monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, destroy 1 face-down Spell or Trap Card on the field. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)')
('Flamvell Poun', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 monster with 200 DEF from your Deck to your hand.')
('Hebo, Lord of the River', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target is treated as a Spirit monster, also return that target to the hand during the End Phase. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.')
('Geargianchor', 'Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. If this card is flipped face-up: You can destroy monsters on the field, up to the number of other "Geargia" monsters you currently control.')
('Brain Jacker', "FLIP: Equip this card to a monster on your opponent's side of the field and treat it as an Equip Card. Take control of the equipped monster. Your opponent gains 500 Life Points during each of their Standby Phases.")
('Dinowrestler King T Wrextle', '2+ "Dinowrestler" monsters\r\nIf this card battles, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Your opponent\'s monsters cannot target monsters for attacks, except this one. At the start of your opponent\'s Battle Phase: You can target 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls; this Battle Phase, your opponent cannot attack with other monsters until that one has, and if it does not declare an attack, destroy it at the end of the Battle Phase.')
('Ground Attacker Bugroth', 'A surface battle robot that was once used for sea warfare.')
('Sunlight Unicorn', 'Once per turn: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is an Equip Spell Card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck.')
('Bujintervention', 'Target 1 "Bujin" monster on the field; apply this effect to it for the rest of this turn. Each time it destroys a monster by battle whose current ATK is greater than or equal to the targeted monster\'s original ATK, and sends it to the Graveyard: Banish the destroyed monster, and if you do, banish all monsters from your opponent\'s hand, Main Deck, Extra Deck, and Graveyard with the same name that the destroyed monster had in the Graveyard.')
('The Psychic Duelist', "Activate 1 of the following Skills during your Main Phase, by paying half your LP.\r\n● Target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone and declare 1 type (Monster, Spell or Trap), then reveal the face-down card, and if it is the declared card type, it cannot be activated this turn.\r\n● Randomly select 1 card in your opponent's hand and declare 1 type (Monster, Spell or Trap), then reveal that card, and if it is the declared type, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.\r\nEach of these Skills can only be used once per Duel.")
('The Arrival Cyberse @Ignister', '3+ monsters with different Attributes\r\nYou can only control 1 "The Arrival Cyberse @Ignister". The original ATK of this card becomes 1000 x the number of Link Materials used for its Link Summon. Unaffected by other cards\' effects. Once per turn: You can target 1 other monster on the field; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "@Ignister Token" (Cyberse/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to your zone this card points to.')
('Gagagarush', 'When a face-up "Gagaga" monster(s) you control is targeted by the effect of an opponent\'s monster: Negate the effect of that opponent\'s monster, and if you do, destroy it, then inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster\'s ATK or DEF in the Graveyard (whichever is higher).')
('The Weather Painter Aurora', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can place 1 "The Weather" Spell/Trap from your hand, Deck, or GY face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. Your opponent cannot target "The Weather" Spells/Traps you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card\'s effect: You can Special Summon this banished card.')
('Traptrix Myrmeleo', 'This card is unaffected by the effects of "Hole" Normal Trap Cards. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Hole" Normal Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Goblin Marauding Squad', 'When this card declares an attack, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase, and its battle position cannot be changed until the End Phase of your next turn.')
('Gem-Enhancement', 'Tribute 1 "Gem-Knight" monster, then target 1 "Gem-Knight" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target from the Graveyard.')
('Cyber Angel Natasha', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; gain LP equal to half its ATK. When a Ritual Monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack. If this card is in the Graveyard: You can banish 1 other "Cyber Angel" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; Special Summon this card, and if you do, take control of that monster.')
('Maha Vailo of Apramanabha', 'This card gains these effects based on the number of Equip Cards equipped to it.\r\n● 1+: Gains 1000 ATK for each Equip Card equipped to it.\r\n● 2+: Your opponent cannot activate monster effects during the Battle Phase.\r\n● 3+: When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets this card (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Equip Card you control to the GY; negate that effect.\r\n● 4+: Your opponent cannot activate card effects during the Battle Phase.\r\n● 5+: Any battle damage this card inflicts to your opponent is doubled.')
('Igknight Cavalier', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nThe vaunted weapons of this pink Igknight have inflicted as much damage to her enemies as to her own troops, but she gets results so very few complain.')
('Lucky Iron Axe', "The equipped monster gains 500 ATK. If this face-up card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: Draw 1 card.")
('Volcanic Scattershot', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent. If this card is sent to the Graveyard by the effect of a "Blaze Accelerator" card: You can send 2 "Volcanic Scattershots" from your hand and/or Deck to the Graveyard; destroy all monsters your opponent controls.')
('Metal Armored Bug', 'A gigantic insect-like creature covered by thick armor. Everything in his path is destroyed.')
('Vision HERO Poisoner', 'If you take battle or effect damage while this card is in your GY: You can place this card from your GY in your Spell & Trap Zone as a face-up Continuous Trap. During the Main Phase, if this card is treated as a Continuous Trap: You can Tribute 1 "HERO" monster; Special Summon this card. If this card is Special Summoned from the Spell & Trap Zone: You can halve the ATK of 1 face-up monster on the field. You can only use each effect of "Vision HERO Poisoner" once per turn.')
('Shock Troops of the Ice Barrier', 'You can Tribute this card to select 1 face-up WATER monster on the field, destroy it, and add 1 "Ice Barrier" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Metaphys Factor', 'Each turn, 1 Level 5 or higher "Metaphys" monster you Normal Summon can be Summoned without Tributing, but banish it during the End Phase of the next turn. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to your "Metaphys" monsters\' effect activations.')
('Lycanthrope', 'This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Synthesis Spell". When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each Normal Monster in your Graveyard.')
('Kappa Avenger', 'An amphibian that sold his soul for unlimited power to avenge his late friend.')
('Princess Cologne', '2 Level 4 monsters\nWhen this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 "Box of Friends" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. If you control another monster, your opponent cannot target this card with cards, effects, or for attacks. If a face-up Normal Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or by card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your Deck or Graveyard in face-up Defense Position.')
('Fushioh Richie', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned from your hand or your Deck by Tributing 1 "Great Dezard" that has fulfilled the condition. You can flip this card into face-down Defense Position once per turn during your Main Phase. As long as this monster remains face-up on the field, negate the activation and effects of all Spell and Trap Cards that target this card and destroy them. When this card is flipped face-up, you can Special Summon 1 Zombie-Type monster from your Graveyard.')
('Frozen Soul', "You can only activate this card when your Life Points are at least 2000 lower than your opponent's. Skip your opponent's next Battle Phase.")
('Scrap Shark', 'When an Effect Monster\'s effect or a Spell/Trap Card is activated, destroy this face-up card on the field. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard, you can send 1 "Scrap" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Fish Rain', 'When a face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster on the field is banished: Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster from your hand. (The banished monster(s) must be Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type even after being banished.)')
('Fiend Skull Dragon', '"Cave Dragon" + "Lesser Fiend"\r\n(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)\r\nA Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Material Monsters. Negate the effects of Flip Effect Monsters. Negate any Trap effects that target this card on the field, and if you do, destroy that Trap Card.')
('Saros Eresh Kurnugias', "4+ Effect Monsters\r\nFor this card's Link Summon, you can use up to 1 monster your opponent controls as Link Material. If this card is Link Summoned: You can negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent controls. This Link Summoned card is unaffected by your opponent's activated effects that do not target it. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that includes an effect that Special Summons a monster(s) from the GY (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation.")
('Dinomist Charge', 'When this card is activated: Add 1 "Dinomist" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, if a "Dinomist" card(s) is added from the field to your Extra Deck face-up: Add 1 of those cards to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Dinomist Charge" per turn.')
('Don Zaloog', 'When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Discard 1 random card from their hand.\r\n● Send the top 2 cards of their Deck to the GY.')
('Spirit Force', "During your opponent's turn, at damage calculation: Make the battle damage you take from this battle 0, then you can add 1 Warrior-Type Tuner monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Graveyard to your hand.")
('Protocol Gardna', "2 Cyberse monsters\nYour opponent's monsters cannot target monsters this card points to for attacks. The first time this card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed, and you take no battle damage from that battle.")
('Wizard Buster Destruction Sword', 'You can target 1 "Buster Blader" you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster, monsters in your opponent\'s Graveyard cannot activate their effects. You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Destruction Sword" monster in your Graveyard, except "Wizard Buster Destruction Sword"; add it to your hand.')
('Dinomist Rex', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated card effect that targets another "Dinomist" card (s) you control, then destroy this card.\r\n\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nAt the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: You can Tribute 1 other "Dinomist" monster, then activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● This card can attack an opponent\'s monster again in a row, also, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.\r\n● Shuffle 1 card from your opponent\'s hand (at random) or field into the Deck, then this card gains 100 ATK.')
('Terminal World NEXT', 'Activate this card if your opponent controls 3 or fewer monsters and 3 or fewer Spell/Trap Cards, while you control no other cards. Cards cannot be placed on the field if it would give any player more than 3 monsters or more than 3 Spell/Trap Cards on their field.')
('Yang Zing Brutality', 'If a "Yang Zing" monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster, during damage calculation: Your battling monster\'s ATK and DEF each become double its original ATK and DEF during that damage calculation only, but it is destroyed at the end of this Damage Step.')
('Vendread Anima', 'You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 of your banished "Vendread" monsters, except "Vendread Anima"; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Zombie monsters. A "Vendread" monster Ritual Summoned using this card on the field gains the following effect. You can only use each of the preceding effects of "Vendread Anima" once per turn.\r\n● Banish any monster destroyed by battle with this card.')
('Madolche Teacher Glassouffle', '2 Level 4 "Madolche" monsters\r\n(Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Madolche" monster on the field; this turn, that face-up monster is unaffected by monster effects, except its own. If a "Madolche" card is sent to your GY while this card is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can shuffle up to 2 cards from the GYs into the Deck(s). You can only use each effect of "Madolche Teacher Glassouffle" once per turn.')
('Cards from the Sky', 'Banish 1 LIGHT Fairy monster in your hand, and if you do, draw 2 cards. You cannot Special Summon or conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon', '2 Level 8 monsters\r\nIf this card battles, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card once per battle; this card gains ATK equal to the combined Ranks of all Xyz Monsters currently on the field x 200, during that damage calculation only. If this card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect while it has "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" as Xyz Material: You can Special Summon this card during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation and double its ATK. Any battle damage this card inflicts to your opponent is halved unless it has "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" as Xyz Material.')
('Naglfar, Generaider Boss of Fire', 'You can only control 1 "Naglfar, Generaider Boss of Fire". If a card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 "Generaider" monster or 1 Beast-Warrior monster you control instead. You can only use this effect of "Naglfar, Generaider Boss of Fire" once per turn.')
('Non-Fusion Area', 'Neither player can Fusion Summon.')
('Star Siphon', 'When a Synchro Monster(s) is Special Summoned: Target 1 of them; Special Summon 1 "Siphon Token" (Spellcaster-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). Its Level becomes that monster\'s current Level and that monster\'s Level becomes 1.')
('Lyla, Twilightsworn Enchantress', 'Once per turn, when a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your hand or GY, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it. Once per turn, if your other "Lightsworn" monster\'s effect is activated: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.')
('Allure Queen LV5', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Allure Queen LV3", you can select 1 Level 5 or lower monster on your opponent\'s side of the field and equip it to this card. (Only 1 card at a time can be equipped due to this effect.) If this card would be destroyed by battle, the equipped monster is destroyed instead. During your Standby Phase, by sending this card to the Graveyard while it\'s equipped due to its effect, Special Summon 1 "Allure Queen LV7" from your hand or Deck.')
('One or Eight', 'If your LP are lower than your opponent\'s: Reveal the top card of your Deck, and if it is Level 1 or 8, add it to your hand or Special Summon it. Otherwise, your opponent can apply 1 of these effects.\r\n● The player who activated this card has their LP become 1000.\r\n● The opponent of the player who activated this card gains LP so it becomes 8000.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "One or Eight" per turn.')
('Number 19: Freezadon', '2 Level 5 monsters\nOnce per turn, if an Xyz Monster you control would activate an effect by detaching an Xyz Material(s), you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead of 1 of those Xyz Materials.')
('Chain Healing', 'Gain 500 Life Points. If this card was activated as Chain Link 2 or 3, add this card to the Deck and shuffle it. If this card was activated as Chain Link 4 or higher, return this card to the hand.')
('Karakuri Gold Dust', 'Activate only during the Battle Phase. Select 2 face-up "Karakuri" monsters in Attack Position. Change 1 of the selected monsters to Defense Position, and the other gains ATK equal to the ATK of the monster changed to Defense Position, until the End Phase.')
('Yosen Training Grounds', 'Each time a "Yosenju" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 1 Yosen Counter on this card. You can remove any number of Yosen Counters from this card; apply this effect, depending on the number of Yosen Counters removed. You can only use this effect of "Yosen Training Grounds" once per turn.\n● 1 Counter: All "Yosenju" monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\n● 3 Counters: Add 1 "Yosenju" card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.')
('Samurai Sword Baron', 'Once per turn, you can select 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls. Change it to face-up Attack Position.')
('Marincess Great Bubble Reef', '2+ WATER monsters\nOnce per turn, during each Standby Phase: You can banish 1 WATER monster from your GY or face-up field; draw 1 card. Each time a monster(s) is banished face-up: This card gains 600 ATK for each, until the end of this turn. You can send 1 WATER monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon 1 of your banished "Marincess" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Marincess Great Bubble Reef" once per turn.')
('Chain Disappearance', 'When a monster(s) with 1000 or less ATK is Summoned: Banish that monster(s) with 1000 or less ATK, then your opponent banishes all cards with the same name as that card(s) from their hand and Deck.')
('Phantom Gryphon', 'A legendary monster that dwells secretly in the mountains, fighting with the harpies over hunting grounds. A single wingbeat is said to cause the fiercest of storms.')
('Zombowwow', 'When this card declares an attack, it gains 500 ATK. If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 1 monster with 0 ATK and DEF from your Deck. Its effects are negated, also it is destroyed during your next End Phase.')
('Salamangreat Blaze Dragon', '2 Level 4 monsters\nIf this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, detach 1 material from this card instead. During the Battle Phase, if this card has no material (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Salamangreat" Xyz Monster by using this face-up card you control as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.) You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Blaze Dragon" once per turn. If this card is Xyz Summoned using "Salamangreat Blaze Dragon" as material: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.')
('Evil★Twin Lil-la', '2 monsters, including a "Lil-la" monster\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned and you control a "Ki-sikil" monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. During the Main Phase, if you do not control a "Ki-sikil" monster (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Ki-sikil" monster from your GY, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Fiend monsters. You can only use each effect of "Evil★Twin Lil-la" once per turn.')
('Synchronized Realm', 'Each time you Synchro Summon a Synchro Monster, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Snake Rain', 'Discard 1 card. Select 4 Reptile-Type monsters from your Deck and send them to the Graveyard.')
('Sishunder', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monster with 1600 or less ATK in your Graveyard, except "Sishunder"; banish that target. During the End Phase of this turn, add that card to your hand.')
('Shiranui Smith', 'If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: You can add 1 "Shiranui" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Shiranui Smith". You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Smith" once per turn. If this card is banished: You can activate this effect; this turn, Zombie-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Madolche Puddingcess', "If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into the Deck. While you have no monsters in your Graveyard, this card gains 800 ATK and DEF. After damage calculation, when this card battles an opponent's monster: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.")
('Gem-Knight Citrine', '1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Pyro-Type monster\nMust first be Fusion Summoned. If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.')
('Cyber Kirin', 'You can Tribute this card to make any effect damage you take this turn 0.')
('Cosmo Queen', 'Queen of the galaxies and mistress of the stars.')
('Gabrion, the Timelord', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Shuffle as many cards your opponent controls as possible into the Deck(s), then they draw cards equal to the number shuffled into their Main Deck. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.')
('Quick Launch', 'Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, but it cannot attack, also destroy it during the End Phase.')
('Bound Wand', "Equip only to a Spellcaster monster that has a Level. It gains ATK equal to its Level x 100. If the equipped monster is destroyed by your opponent's card and sent to the GY, and this card is sent to your GY as a result: You can Special Summon that monster.")
('World Gears of Theurlogical Demiurgy', '3 Level 5 or higher monsters\r\nCannot be used as Link Material. This Link Summoned card is unaffected by other monsters\' effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "World Gears of Theurlogical Demiurgy" once per turn.\r\n● During your Main Phase, if you control this card that was Link Summoned using 3 monsters that had 3 different Types and Attributes on the field: You can destroy all other cards on the field.\r\n● If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the Extra Deck (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "World Legacy" monster from your Deck.')
('Pinecono', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard by the effect of "Acorno": You can Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Guard Dog', 'FLIP: Your opponent cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn.')
('Darklord Descent', 'Pay half your LP; Special Summon up to 2 "Darklord" monsters from your Graveyard in Defense Position, with the same Level as 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.')
('Triple Star Trion', 'During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn as a Tribute for a successful Tribute Summon: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard.')
('Alexandrite Dragon', "Many of the czars' lost jewels can be found in the scales of this priceless dragon. Its creator remains a mystery, along with how they acquired the imperial treasures. But whosoever finds this dragon has hit the jackpot... whether they know it or not.")
('Dimension Fusion', 'Pay 2000 Life Points. Both players Special Summon as many of their removed from play monsters as possible.')
('Invincibility Barrier', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 face-up Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, Pendulum, or Link Monster you control; this turn, the effects of monsters with the same card type as that banished monster (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, Pendulum, or Link) are negated.')
('Shapesister', 'Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Fiend-Type/Tuner/EARTH/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 0). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) You can only activate 1 "Shapesister" per turn.')
('Night Lizard', 'A lizard warrior protected by a hide of very tough emerald scales.')
('Chaofeng, Phantom of the Yang Zing', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\r\nWhile this Synchro Summoned card is on the field, your opponent cannot activate effects of monsters with the same original Attribute(s) as the "Yang Zing" monster(s) used for the Synchro Summon of this card. When this Synchro Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Tuner monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, when a monster(s) your opponent controls is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck, in Defense Position, whose original Attribute matches the original Attribute that 1 of those destroyed monsters had on the field.')
('Drytron Alpha Thuban', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with the effect of a "Drytron" card. You can Tribute 1 other "Drytron" monster, or 1 Ritual Monster, from your hand or field; Special Summon this card from your hand or GY in Defense Position, then you can add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. You cannot Special Summon monsters, except monsters that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set, the turn you activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Drytron Alpha Thuban" once per turn.')
('Time Thief Doublebarrel', '2 Level 4 monsters\r\nWhen your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can detach up to 3 different types of materials from this card, then apply the following effect(s) depending on what was detached.\r\n● Monster: This card gains 400 ATK.\r\n● Spell: Take control of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls until the End Phase, but it cannot declare an attack or activate its effects this turn.\r\n● Trap: Negate the effects of 1 Effect Monster on the field until the end of this turn.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Time Thief Doublebarrel" once per turn.')
('Cloudian - Turbulence', 'This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. When you Normal Summon this card, place 1 Fog Counter on it for each "Cloudian" monster on the field. You can remove 1 Fog Counter from this card to Special Summon 1 "Cloudian - Smoke Ball" from your Deck or from either player\'s Graveyard.')
('Shura the Combat Star', '"Idaten the Conqueror Star" + 1 Level 5 or higher Warrior monster\r\nOnce per turn, during the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can make the ATK of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls 0. Once per battle, if a monster battles another monster, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can make each battling monster gain ATK equal to its own Level x 200, during that damage calculation only. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Idaten the Conqueror Star" from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Fusion Summon.)')
('Number C1: Numeron Chaos Gate Sunya', '4 Level 2 monsters\r\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using 1 "Number 1: Numeron Gate Ekam" you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) If this card is Xyz Summoned: Banish all monsters on the field. Once per turn, during your next Standby Phase after this card was banished: You can Special Summon this banished card, then, if "Numeron Network" is in your Field Zone, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the combined ATK of all banished Xyz Monsters.')
('Harpie Lady 2', '(This card\'s name is always treated as "Harpie Lady".)\nNegate the effects of Flip monsters this card destroys by battle.')
("Vampire's Domain", 'Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP; during your Main Phase this turn, you can Normal Summon 1 "Vampire" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (Even if this card leaves the field. You can only gain this effect once per turn.) Each time your "Vampire" monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Gain the same amount of LP.')
('The Supremacy Sun', 'Cannot be Special Summoned, except by its own effect. After this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, during the Standby Phase of the next turn: You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Guardian Slime', 'If you take battle or effect damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent\'s monster (Quick Effect): You can have this card gain DEF equal to that opponent\'s monster\'s ATK during that damage calculation only. If this card is sent from the hand or field to the GY: You can add 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists "The Winged Dragon of Ra" in its text from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Guardian Slime" once per turn.')
('Flame Tiger', 'During your Draw Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard and you control no monsters, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Change Slime', 'A slime that can morph and adopt the shape and size of any monster it chooses.')
('Sage of Silence', "If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, your opponent cannot activate Spell Cards during the next turn.")
('Lunalight Reincarnation Dance', 'If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Add up to 2 "Lunalight" monsters from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Lunalight Reincarnation Dance" per turn.')
('Guardragon Elpy', '1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster\r\nYou cannot Special Summon monsters, except Dragon monsters. During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Dragon monster from your hand or Deck to your zone that 2 or more Link Monsters point to. You can only use this effect of "Guardragon Elpy" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Guardragon Elpy(s)" once per turn.')
('Gwenhwyfar, Queen of Noble Arms', 'You can target 1 "Noble Knight" monster you control; equip this card from your hand or Graveyard to that target. You can only use this effect of "Gwenhwyfar, Queen of Noble Arms" once per turn. The equipped monster gains 300 ATK. Apply the appropriate effect, depending on the Attribute of the equipped monster.\n● LIGHT: If the equipped monster would be destroyed by a card effect, you can destroy this card instead.\n● DARK: If the equipped monster battles an opponent\'s monster, at the start of the Damage Step: You can destroy that monster, then destroy this card.')
('Hypernova Burst', 'Banish, face-down, from your hand and/or face-up field, 2 monsters that cannot be Normal Summoned; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Hypernova Burst" per turn.')
('Mermail Abyssdine', 'When this card is added from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand by a card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You must control a "Mermail" monster to activate and to resolve this effect. When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Mermail" monster: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower "Mermail" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can only use 1 "Mermail Abyssdine" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Thunder Dragon Discharge', 'The activation of your Thunder monsters\' effects cannot be negated. Once per turn, if a "Thunder Dragon" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field: You can target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; banish 1 Thunder monster from your Deck, and if you do, destroy that target.')
('Dual Avatar Fists - Yuhi', 'You can target 1 "Dual Avatar" monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, add 1 "Dual Avatar" Spell from your Deck to your hand. If a face-up "Dual Avatar" Fusion Monster(s) you control, that was Fusion Summoned using an Effect Monster as material, is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Dual Avatar Fists - Yuhi" once per turn.')
('Execution of the Contract', 'You can reveal 1 Ritual Monster in your hand; the equipped monster becomes the revealed monster\'s Level, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster is Tributed: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Execution of the Contract" once per turn.')
('Draghig, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss', 'If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Draghig, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can choose 1 "Burning Abyss" card from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.')
('White Stingray', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 WATER monster. You can only Special Summon "White Stingray" once per turn this way. If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can treat it as a Tuner this turn. You can only use this effect of "White Stingray" once per turn.')
('Tatsunoko', "1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this Synchro Summoned monster would be used as a Synchro Material, 1 monster in your hand can be used as 1 of the other materials. Unaffected by other monsters' effects.")
('Fortune Lady Past', 'This card\'s ATK/DEF become its Level x 200. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Increase this card\'s Level by 1 (max. 12). You can target 1 "Fortune Lady" monster you control; banish any number of other Spellcaster monsters from your hand, field, and/or GY, and if you do, increase or reduce that monster\'s Level by the number of monsters banished, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Fortune Lady Past" once per turn.')
('Evilswarm Thunderbird', 'During either player\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card you control. During the next Standby Phase, return this card banished by this effect to the field, and if you do, it gains 300 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Evilswarm Thunderbird" once per turn.')
('Ret-time Reviver Emit-ter', 'If this card is in your hand or GY: You can target 1 face-up monster on each field; change them to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Ret-time Reviver Emit-ter" once per turn.')
('Creeping Darkness', 'Banish 2 DARK monsters from your GY; add 1 Level 4 DARK monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Archfiend Emperor, the First Lord of Horror', 'You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK/DEF become halved. If Summoned this way, this card is destroyed during the End Phase. You cannot Special Summon any monsters, except Fiend monsters. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Archfiend" card from your hand or GY, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.')
('Ivy Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Wall of Ivy". When it is destroyed, the controller takes 300 damage.')
('Battle Fusion', 'When an attack is declared involving a Fusion Monster you control and an opponent\'s monster: That monster you control gains ATK equal to the ATK of the opponent\'s monster, until the end of the Damage Step. You can only activate 1 "Battle Fusion" per turn.')
('Hieratic Dragon of Su', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Hieratic" monster. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Hieratic" monster, except this card, from your hand or your side of the field, to target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. When this card is Tributed: Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and make its ATK and DEF 0.')
('Lunalight Wolf', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Lunalight" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 "Lunalight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your field or Graveyard.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf a "Lunalight" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('The Transmigration Prophecy', 'Target 2 cards in the GY(s); shuffle those targets into the Deck(s).')
('Muse-A', 'A fairy of the arts that is unbeatable on the harp.')
('Berserk Dragon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "A Deal with Dark Ruler" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each. During each of your End Phases, this card loses 500 ATK.')
('Bayonet Punisher', 'Apply these effects, in sequence, depending on the monster card types of "Borrel" monsters you control and/or in your GY. If you control a monster with 3000 or more ATK, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this card\'s activation.\n● Fusion: Banish 1 monster your opponent controls.\n● Synchro: Banish 3 random face-down cards from your opponent\'s Extra Deck.\n● Xyz: Banish 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls.\n● Link: Banish up to 3 cards from your opponent\'s GY.\nYou can only activate 1 "Bayonet Punisher" per turn.')
('Chronomaly Winged Sphinx', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 5 "Chronomaly" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except "Chronomaly" monsters.')
('Zure, Knight of Dark World', 'The name of this illustrious knight is known by all residents of Dark World. He never oppresses the commoners.')
('Prologue of the Destruction Swordsman', 'Send 1 "Destruction Sword" card and 1 "Buster Blader" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Prologue of the Destruction Swordsman"; Special Summon 1 "Buster Dragon" from your Extra Deck or Graveyard, but destroy it during the End Phase of the next turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; this turn, "Destruction Sword" cards you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You can only activate 1 "Prologue of the Destruction Swordsman" per turn.')
('Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua', 'There can only be 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card can attack your opponent directly. Once per turn: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to half this card\'s DEF on the field. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect. While this card is in Defense Position, your opponent cannot conduct their Battle Phase.')
('Particle Fusion', 'Send, from your side of the field to the Graveyard, the Fusion Material Monsters that are listed on a "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster Card, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.) When you do: Banish this card from the Graveyard to target 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Material Monster used for the Fusion Summon; the Fusion Summoned monster gains that monster\'s ATK until the End Phase.')
('Chain Dispel', "When a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Destroy all cards in the controller's Deck with the same name as the activated card.")
('Protector of the Throne', 'While the king is away, this queen protects his throne with a mighty defense.')
('Vampire Lord', "If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Declare 1 type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); your opponent sends 1 card of that type from their Deck to the GY. Once per turn, during your next Standby Phase after this card in your possession was destroyed and sent to your GY by an opponent's card effect: Special Summon this card from the GY.")
('Yamata Dragon', "This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to its owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, draw cards until you have 5 cards in your hand.")
('A.I.Q', 'Activate this card only if you control an "@Ignister" monster. Each player can only Link Summon once per turn while this card is face-up in the Spell & Trap Zone. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 Link Monster or destroy this card.')
('Premature Return', 'Banish 1 card from your hand, then target 1 of your banished monsters; Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position.')
('Compulsory Evacuation Device', 'Target 1 monster on the field; return that target to the hand.')
('Toon Cyber Dragon', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly.')
('Evilswarm Castor', 'During the turn this card was Normal Summoned, you can Normal Summon 1 "lswarm" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)')
('Yellow Dragon Ninja', 'Cannot be Special Summoned, except with the effect of a "Ninja" monster or "Ninjitsu Art" card. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can send 1 "Ninja" monster and 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card from your hand and/or face-up field to the GY, then target up to 2 Spells/Traps on the field; destroy them.')
('Beast of Talwar', 'Only the master of the sword among Fiend-Type monsters is permitted to hold the Talwar.\n\n\n(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)')
('Soul Absorption', 'If a card(s) is banished: Gain 500 LP for each.')
('Armored White Bear', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned while a Synchro Monster is on the field: You can target 1 Field Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Beast monster from your Deck or GY, except "Armored White Bear". You can only use each effect of "Armored White Bear" once per turn.')
('Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin', "Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; look at your opponent's hand and choose 1 monster. If you control a monster with ATK greater than or equal to the ATK of the chosen card, destroy the chosen card, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. Otherwise, take 500 damage.")
('Linear Accelerator Cannon', "Tribute 1 monster and inflict damage to your opponent equal to half that monster's original ATK. If you activate this card, you cannot activate any other Spell Cards this turn.")
('Sealing Ceremony of Suiton', "Once per turn: You can send 1 WATER monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 card in your opponent's GY; banish that target.")
('Crystron Token', 'This card can be used as a "Crystron Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Masked HERO Goka', 'Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change". Gains 100 ATK for each "HERO" monster in your GY.')
('Slime Monster Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Jam Breeding Machine".')
('Destroyersaurus', 'You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Jurassic World" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Evilswarm Golem', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher non-DARK monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Recall', 'When your opponent activates a monster effect: Your opponent draws 1 card, also negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Chronomaly Tula Guardian', 'If there is a face-up Field Spell Card on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only control 1 "Chronomaly Tula Guardian".')
("Gravekeeper's Watcher", "During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card or monster effect that could make them discard when it resolves: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.")
('Alien Hypno', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect:\n● During your Main Phase, you can select 1 monster your opponent controls with an A-Counter(s), and take control of it while this card is on the field. During each of your End Phases, remove 1 A-Counter from each controlled monster. If all A-Counters are removed from one of these monsters, destroy it.')
('Berfomet', 'When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Resonant Destruction', 'Each time a "Resonator" monster(s) is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. Destroy this card during your 2nd End Phase after activation.')
('Lord British Space Fighter', 'If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, select and activate 1 of these effects:\n● You can attack once again in a row. ● Select and destroy 1 Set card on the field. ● Special Summon 1 "Multi Token" (Machine-Type/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1200/DEF 1200).')
('Memory Crush King', "When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, remove from play all Synchro Monsters in your opponent's Graveyard, and inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each monster removed.")
('Bloom Prima the Melodious Choir', '1 "Melodious Maestra" monster + 1 or more "Melodious" monsters\nThis card gains 300 ATK for each Fusion Material used for its Fusion Summon. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. If this Fusion Summoned card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Melodious" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.')
('Reptilianne Gardna', 'When this card you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, add 1 "Reptilianne" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Genex Ally Volcannon', 'Once per turn, you can send 1 face-up FIRE "Genex" monster you control to the Graveyard to select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, destroy it, and inflict damage to your opponent equal to the Level of the destroyed monster x 400.')
('Doshin @Ignister', 'If you control an "@Ignister" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can target 1 Cyberse Link Monster in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck, and if you do, add 1 "A.I. Love Fusion" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Doshin @Ignister" once per turn.')
('Grapple Blocker', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select 1 monster your opponent controls. The selected monster cannot attack or be Tributed, while this card remains face-up on the field. During each of your End Phases, pay 500 Life Points or destroy this card.')
('Naturia Pineapple', 'All face-up monsters you control are treated as Plant-Type. During your Standby Phase, if you do not control a face-up "Naturia Pineapple", and have no monsters in your Graveyard except Plant or Beast-Type: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You must not control any Spell or Trap Cards to activate and resolve this effect.')
('Meklord Assembly', 'When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Meklord" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each of the following effects of "Meklord Assembly" once per turn.\r\n● You can discard 1 card, then target 1 monster you control; destroy it. \r\n● If a face-up "Meklord" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 other face-up Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Meklord Assembly" per turn.')
('Mark of the Rose', "Activate this card by banishing 1 Plant monster from your GY, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card to it. Take control of the equipped monster. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Negate this card's effect until your next Standby Phase.")
('Marshmacaron', 'If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon up to 2 other "Marshmacaron" from your hand, Deck, and/or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Marshmacaron" once per turn.')
('Martial Metal Marcher', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 Tuner in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Martial Metal Marcher" once per turn. A Synchro Monster that used this card as material is treated as a Tuner while face-up on the field.')
('The Thing That Hides in the Mud', 'This monster melts its way underground to attack enemies from below.')
('Mudan the Rikka Fairy', 'You can Tribute 1 Plant monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Normal Summoned, or Special Summoned by the effect of a Plant monster: You can add 1 "Rikka" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Mudan the Rikka Fairy" once per turn.')
('Red Ogre', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send any number of cards from your hand to the Graveyard, then target the same number of cards on the field; return those targets to the hand.')
('Brain Research Lab', "Once per turn, you can Normal Summon 1 Psychic-Type monster in addition to your Normal Summon or Set. If successful, place 1 Psychic Counter on this card. You can also place 1 Psychic Counter on this card instead of paying Life Points to activate any Psychic-Type monster's effect that you control. When this card is removed from the field, the controller of this card takes 1000 damage for each Psychic Counter on it.")
('Demise, Supreme King of Armageddon', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Cycle of the World". This card\'s name becomes "Demise, King of Armageddon" while in the hand or on the field. While this Ritual Summoned card is on the field, your Ritual Monsters cannot be destroyed by battle. If all monsters used to Ritual Summon this card were Ritual Monsters, you do not pay LP to activate its effects. Once per turn: You can pay 2000 LP; destroy as many other cards on the field as possible, and if you do, inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each destroyed card they controlled.')
('Shaddoll Zefracore', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Shaddoll" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Pendulum Summoned or sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Zefra" card in your Pendulum Zone, except "Shaddoll Zefracore"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Shaddoll Zefracore" once per turn.')
('Danger! Feets of Strength!', 'Equip only to a "Danger!" monster. It gains 800 ATK/DEF. It cannot be destroyed by card effects. It can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.')
('Ancient Gear Megaton Golem', '3 "Ancient Gear" monsters\r\nIf this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card was Fusion Summoned using 2 or more "Ancient Gear Golem" and/or "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound" as material, it can attack up to that many times during each Battle Phase. If this face-up Fusion Summoned card in its owner\'s control leaves the field because of an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem" from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('March Towards Ragnarok', 'Target 1 "Aesir" monster you control; until the end of this turn, its effects are negated, also that face-up monster is unaffected by the effects of other Spells/Traps.')
('The Big Saturn', "Cannot be Special Summoned from the hand or Deck. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card and pay 1000 Life Points; this card gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase. When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: Both players take damage equal to this card's ATK in the Graveyard.")
('Lifeforce Harmonizer', "When your opponent activates a card's effect that inflicts damage, you can discard this card to negate its activation and destroy it.")
('Raigeki Break', 'Discard 1 card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.')
('Nekroz of Valkyrus', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell. Must be Ritual Summoned, without using any Level 8 monsters. You can only use each of these effects of "Nekroz of Valkyrus" once per turn.\r\n● When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can banish 1 "Nekroz" card from your GY and discard this card; negate the attack, then end the Battle Phase.\r\n● During your Main Phase: You can Tribute up to 2 monsters from your hand and/or field, and if you do, draw the same number of cards you Tributed.')
('Performapal Rain Goat', 'When a card or effect is activated that would inflict damage to you (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; make that effect damage to you 0. During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can discard this card, then target 1 "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" card you control; this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.')
('Dragonic Tactics', 'Tribute 2 Dragon monsters; Special Summon 1 Level 8 Dragon monster from your Deck.')
('Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned with "Rise of the Snake Deity" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways except by its own effect. This card gains 500 ATK for each Reptile-Type monster in your Graveyard. This card cannot be targeted by, and is unaffected by, Spell/Trap effects and other Effect Monsters\' effects. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 1 other Reptile-Type monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Place 1 Hyper-Venom Counter on it. When 3 Hyper-Venom Counters are on this card, you win the Duel.')
('Salamangreat Gazelle', 'If a "Salamangreat" monster is sent to your GY, except "Salamangreat Gazelle" (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Salamangreat" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Salamangreat Gazelle". You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Gazelle" once per turn.')
('Simorgh, Lord of the Storm', 'Your opponent cannot target this Tribute Summoned card with Spell/Trap Cards or effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Simorgh, Lord of the Storm" once per turn.\r\n● When a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 WIND Winged Beast monster, then target 1 card your opponent controls; shuffle it into the Deck.\r\n● When a Winged Beast monster you control is destroyed by battle while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand.')
('Prediction Princess Arrowsylph', 'FLIP: You can add 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.')
('Basic Insect', "Usually found traveling in swarms, this creature's ideal environment is the forest.")
('Poseidon Wave', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate the attack, and if you do, inflict 800 damage to your opponent for each Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster you control.")
('Ojama Black', "He's one of the Ojama Trio. It's said that he butts in by any means necessary. It's also said that when the three are together, something happens.")
('Megalith Aratron', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with a "Megalith" card. During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; Ritual Summon 1 "Megalith" Ritual Monster from your hand, by Tributing monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed its Level. When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a card you control (Quick Effect): You can place 1 Ritual Monster from your GY on the bottom of the Deck, and if you do, negate that activation, and if you do that, destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Megalith Aratron" once per turn.')
('Triamid Sphinx', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with the effect of a "Triamid" card, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If a face-up "Triamid" card(s) you control, except "Triamid Sphinx", is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. While you control another "Triamid" card, this card gains 500 ATK and DEF for each Field Spell Card with a different name in your Graveyard, also monsters your opponent controls cannot attack, except to attack "Triamid Sphinx".')
('Pot of The Forbidden', 'FLIP: You can activate 1 of these effects;\n● Draw 2 cards.\n● Return all Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand.\n● Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.\n● Look at your opponent\'s hand, also shuffle 1 card from their hand into the Deck.\nYou can only use this effect of "Pot of The Forbidden" once per turn.')
('Reaper of the Cards', 'FLIP: Select 1 Trap Card on the field and destroy it. If the selected card is Set, pick up and see the card. If it is a Trap Card, it is destroyed. If it is a Spell Card, return it to its original position.')
('Left Arm of the Forbidden One', 'A forbidden left arm sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.')
('Chronograph Sorcerer', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nDuring your Main Phase: You can destroy this card, and if you do, take 1 "Timegazer Magician" from your hand or Deck, and either place it in your Pendulum Zone or Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Chronograph Sorcerer" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf a card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand. You can banish this card you control, plus 4 monsters from your hand, field, and/or GY (1 each with "Pendulum Dragon", "Xyz Dragon", "Synchro Dragon", and "Fusion Dragon" in their names); Special Summon 1 "Supreme King Z-ARC" from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Fusion Summon.)')
('Black Feather Beacon', 'Activate only when you take damage from a card effect. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Blackwing" monster from your hand.')
('Photon Alexandra Queen', '2 Level 4 "Butterspy" monsters\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; return all monsters on the field to the hand, then inflict 300 damage to each player for each card returned to their hand.')
('Yuki-Onna, the Absolute Zero Mayakashi', '2+ Zombie monsters\r\nYou can only control 1 "Yuki-Onna, the Absolute Zero Mayakashi". Negate any activated effects of your opponent\'s banished monsters. If a monster is Special Summoned from the GY, or a monster effect is activated in the GY (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; change its ATK to 0, and if you do, negate its effects. You can use this effect of "Yuki-Onna, the Absolute Zero Mayakashi" up to twice per turn.')
('Kuro-Obi Karate Spirit', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf a monster(s) is Pendulum Summoned: Return this card from the Pendulum Zone to the hand.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card is Normal Summoned: You can send to the GY all Spells/Traps your opponent controls in the same column as the card(s) in your Pendulum Zones. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return this card to the hand.')
('Fluffal Wings', 'If this card is in your Graveyard and you control "Toy Vendor": You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Fluffal" monster in your Graveyard; banish it, and if you do, draw 1 card, then you can send 1 "Toy Vendor" you control to the Graveyard, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Wings" once per turn.')
('Blackwing - Boobytrap', 'When this Set card is destroyed by your opponent\'s card effect while you control a face-up "Blackwing" monster, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent and draw 1 card.')
('Number 22: Zombiestein', "2 Level 8 DARK monsters\nMust be Xyz Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, that face-up card has its effects negated until the end of this turn.")
('Cracking', 'Once per turn, when a monster(s) is sent from the field to the Graveyard by a card effect: Inflict 800 damage to the owner of the monster(s).')
('Infernity Force', 'Activate only when an "Infernity" monster is selected as an attack target while you have no cards in your hand. Destroy the attacking monster and Special Summon 1 "Infernity" monster from your Graveyard.')
('Dark Flattop', '1 DARK Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Machine-Type monsters\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 "Reactor" monster or "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, ignoring its Summoning conditions. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or lower Machine-Type monster from your hand.')
('Glacial Beast Polar Penguin', 'If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; return it to the hand. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. You can only use 1 "Glacial Beast Polar Penguin" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Elemental HERO Glow Neos', '"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss"\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy that target, then apply the effect based on its type. ● Monster: This card cannot attack this turn. ● Spell: This card can attack your opponent directly this turn. ● Trap: Change this card to Defense Position.')
('Gimmick Puppet Twilight Joker', 'When a "Gimmick Puppet" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to your Graveyard: You can banish that monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use the effect of "Gimmick Puppet Twilight Joker" once per turn.')
('Nobleman of Extermination', 'Select, destroy, and remove from play 1 face-down Spell or Trap Card. If it was a Trap Card, both players must remove from play all copies of that card from their Decks.')
('Kangaroo Champ', 'A monster that battles with this card is changed to Defense Position after damage calculation.')
('Karakuri Ninja mdl 7749 "Nanashick"', 'This card must attack if able. When this face-up card is selected as an attack target, change its battle position. When this card is Normal Summoned, you can draw a number of cards equal to the number of face-up Defense Position "Karakuri" monsters you control.')
('Flourishing Frolic', 'Excavate cards from your Deck equal to the number of "Flourishing Frolic" in your GY + 3, and if you excavate at least 1 Monster, 1 Spell, and 1 Trap, add 1 of them to your hand and send the other cards to the GY. If you did not, shuffle all excavated cards into your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Flourishing Frolic" per turn.')
('F.A. Overheat', 'If only your opponent controls a monster: Special Summon 1 "F.A." monster from your hand, and if you do, increase its Level by 3 until the end of this turn. If this card is in the GY and you control no cards in your Field Zone: You can banish this card from the GY; activate 1 "F.A." Field Spell directly from your hand or GY. You can only use this effect of "F.A. Overheat" once per turn.')
('Arma Knight', 'An ammonite warrior that has protected the seas throughout history.')
('Shock Surprise', 'Banish up to 2 "Speedroid" monsters from your Graveyard, then target that many cards on the field; destroy them.')
('Unknown Synchron', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Unknown Synchron" once per Duel this way.')
('Sinister Seed Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Sinister Seeds".')
('Myutant Evolution Lab', 'When this card is activated: You can Special Summon 1 of your Level 4 or lower "Myutant" monsters from your hand or that is banished. "Myutant" monsters you control gain 100 ATK for each of your banished "Myutant" cards with different names. Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can place 1 "Myutant" monster from your hand on the bottom of the Deck, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Myutant Evolution Lab" per turn.')
('Triggering Wurm', 'If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a DARK monster: You can Special Summon this card from your GY in Attack Position, to your zone that Link Monster points to, but it cannot be used as Link Material. If this card is destroyed or banished by an effect activated by a Link Monster: Draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Triggering Wurm" once per turn.')
('Generaider Boss Stage', 'Once per turn, if a card(s) is added from the Main Deck to your opponent\'s hand (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Generaider" monster from your Deck in Defense Position. If you Special Summon a "Generaider" monster(s) during your opponent\'s turn (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon as many "Generaider Tokens" (Fairy/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1500/DEF 1500) as possible in Attack Position, but destroy them during the End Phase (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Generaider Boss Stage" once per turn.')
('Axe Raider', 'An axe-wielding monster of tremendous strength and agility.')
('Steelswarm Origin', '2 "lswarm" monsters\r\nWhile this card is in the Extra Monster Zone, if a monster would be Special Summoned from the Extra Deck to the Main Monster Zone, it must be Summoned in the zone this card points to. While this card points to a monster, neither player can target it with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn, when a monster(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or by card effect: You can Special Summon Level 4 or lower "lswarm" monsters from your Deck in Defense Position, up to the number destroyed.')
('Road Synchron', 'When using this card as Synchro Material for the Synchro Summon of a monster other than "Road Warrior", reduce this card\'s Level by 2. If this card attacks, at the end of the Damage Step: Increase its Level by 1 until the end of this turn.')
('Blackwing - Hurricane the Tornado', "Once per turn: You can target 1 Synchro Monster on the field; this card's ATK becomes that monster's current ATK, until the end of this turn.")
('Forbidden Dark Contract with the Swamp King', 'Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "D/D/D" monster from your hand in Defense Position, but its effects are negated. Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fiend-Type Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials, including a monster Special Summoned by this card with the above effect. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 2000 damage.')
('Emperor Maju Garzett', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters. This card's ATK becomes the combined original ATK of the Tributed monsters. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects during the Battle Phase.")
('Dragunity Knight - Areadbhair', '1 "Dragunity" Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nWhen your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Dragunity" monster from your GY; negate the activation, and if you do, banish that monster. If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, after damage calculation: You can banish that opponent\'s monster. If this Synchro Summoned card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can destroy all Spells and Traps your opponent controls. You can only use each effect of "Dragunity Knight - Areadbhair" once per turn.')
('Embodiment of Apophis', "During either player's Main Phase: Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Reptile-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1600/DEF 1800). (This card is also still a Trap Card.)")
('SPYRAL Tough', 'This card\'s name becomes "SPYRAL Super Agent" while it is on the field or in the GY. Once per turn: You can declare 1 type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap) and target 1 card your opponent controls; reveal the top card of your opponent\'s Deck, and if you do, destroy the targeted card if the revealed card is the declared type.')
('Yado Karu', 'When this card is changed from Attack Position to Defense Position, you can place any number of cards from your hand at the bottom of your Deck in any order you desire.')
('Pot of Desires', 'Banish 10 cards from the top of your Deck, face-down; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Pot of Desires" per turn.')
('Dorover', 'This ugly monster emits a highly poisonous gas.')
('Element Valkyrie', '(This card is not treated as a "Valkyrie" card.)\r\nThis monster gets the following effect(s) while there is a monster(s) with the following Attribute(s) on the field:\r\n● FIRE: This card gains 500 ATK.\r\n● WATER: Control of this card cannot switch.')
('Samsara', "Monster Cards Tributed for a Ritual Summon are returned to the owner's Deck instead of being sent to the Graveyard.")
('The Gift of Greed', 'Your opponent draws 2 cards.')
('Blizzard Dragon', "Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; it cannot change its battle position or declare an attack until the end of your opponent's next turn.")
('Caius the Mega Monarch', 'You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 card on the field; banish it, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent, then, if it is a DARK Monster Card, banish all cards with that name from the hand, Main Deck, Extra Deck, and GY of the player who controlled it. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a DARK monster, add this additional effect.\n● You can target 2 cards, instead.')
('Draco Masters of the Tenyi', '2+ monsters, including a Link Monster\nCannot be destroyed by battle with an Effect Monster. If you control no other Effect Monsters: You can destroy Effect Monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of non-Effect Monsters you control and/or in your GY. You can only use this effect of "Draco Masters of the Tenyi" once per turn.')
('Tenyi Spirit - Shthana', 'If you control no Effect Monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If a face-up non-Effect Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can banish this card from your hand or GY, then target 1 of those destroyed monsters; Special Summon it, then you can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls. You can only use each effect of "Tenyi Spirit - Shthana" once per turn.')
('Peacock', 'A large peacock that launches its feathers in a lethal attack.')
('Subterror Behemoth Stygokraken', 'FLIP: You can target Set cards on the field, equal to the number of "Subterror Behemoth" monsters you control; destroy them. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Stygokraken" once per turn.\r\nWhen a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.')
('Neo the Magic Swordsman', 'A dimensional drifter who not only practices sorcery, but is also a sword and martial arts master.')
('Darkflare Dragon', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your GY. Once per turn: You can send 1 Dragon monster from your hand and 1 Dragon monster from your Deck to the GY, then target 1 card in either GY; banish that target.')
('Urgent Ritual Art', "If you control no Ritual Monsters: Banish 1 Ritual Spell from your hand or GY; this card's effect becomes that card's effect that Ritual Summons a monster when the card is activated.")
('Orbital Bombardment', 'Send 1 "Alien" monster from your side of the field to the Graveyard to activate this card. Destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.')
('Claw Reacher', 'Stretching arms and razor-sharp claws make this monster a formidable opponent.')
('Mind Master', 'You can pay 800 Life Points and Tribute 1 Psychic-Type monster, except "Mind Master", to Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Psychic-Type monster from your Deck in face-up Attack Position.')
('Appliancer Dryer Drake', '1 "Appliancer" monster\nCannot be used as Link Material the turn it is Link Summoned. This linked card gains 1000 ATK. Once per turn, during your Battle Phase, if this card is co-linked (except during the Damage Step): You can switch the locations of 2 "Appliancer" monsters in your Main Monster Zones, including this card, and if you do, the other monster can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn. Once per turn, when this card that is not co-linked is targeted for an attack: You can negate that attack.')
('Worm Noble', "FLIP: If this card is flipped face-up by an opponent's monster's attack, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the attacking monster's ATK.")
('Link Bound', 'Target 1 Link Monster you control or in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck, and if you do, draw cards equal to its Link Rating, then place cards from your hand on the bottom of the Deck, in any order, equal to the number of cards you drew. You can only activate 1 "Link Bound" per turn.')
('Doitsu', 'Once per turn, you can equip this card to a "Soitsu" you control, OR unequip it to Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. When equipped to a monster by this card\'s effect, that monster gains 2500 ATK. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead.)')
('Hazy Flame Hyppogrif', 'Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 other FIRE monster; this card gains 300 ATK.')
('Rabidragon', "It's a snowfield-dwelling, giant-ear-sporting, super-acoustic, snowball-shaped mutant dragon! There's no way anybody can escape.")
('Orcustrated Attack', 'When a monster declares an attack: Tribute 1 "Orcust" or "World Legacy" monster, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it.')
('Catapult Warrior', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Junk" monster; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the Tributed monster.')
('Alien Infiltrator', "Once per turn, this card can move to an adjacent (horizontal) unoccupied Monster Card Zone. If no Spell, Trap or Monster Card on your opponent's side of the field is in the same column as this card, it can attack your opponent directly.")
('Kuji-Kiri Curse', 'Send 1 Level 9 monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Kuji-Kiri Curse" per turn.')
('Mudora', 'This card gains 200 ATK for each Fairy-Type monster in your Graveyard.')
('Light of Destruction', "When an opponent's card effect sends a card(s) from their Deck to the Graveyard, send the top 3 cards of their Deck to the Graveyard.")
('Myutant M-05', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Myutant" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Myutant M-05". You can Tribute this card, then banish 1 card from your hand or face-up field; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or Deck, based on the banished card.\r\n● Monster: "Myutant Beast" ● Spell: "Myutant Mist" ● Trap: "Myutant Arsenal"\r\nYou can only use each effect of "Myutant M-05" once per turn.')
('Fullmetalfoes Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Metalfoes" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials.')
('Cyberse Converter', 'If all monsters you control are Cyberse monsters (min. 1), you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Cyberse Converter" once per turn this way. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it becomes a Cyberse monster until the end of this turn.')
('Spiral Serpent', 'When huge whirlpools lay cities asunder, it is the hunger of this sea serpent at work. No one has ever escaped its dreaded Spiral Wave to accurately describe the terror they experienced.')
('Secret Pass to the Treasures', "Select 1 face-up monster with an ATK equal to 1000 points or less on your side of the field. During the turn this card is activated, the selected monster can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.")
("Gravekeeper's Cannonholder", 'You can Tribute 1 "Gravekeeper\'s" monster, except "Gravekeeper\'s Cannonholder"; inflict 700 damage to your opponent.')
('Majespecter Storm', 'Tribute 1 WIND Spellcaster-Type monster, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; shuffle it into the Deck.')
('Number 97: Draglubion', '2 Level 8 monsters\r\nYour opponent cannot target this card with card effects. You can detach 1 material from this card; take 2 Dragon "Number" monsters with different names from your Extra Deck and/or GY, except "Number 97: Draglubion", Special Summon 1 of them and attach the other to it as material, also for the rest of this turn you cannot Special Summon other monsters, or declare an attack, except with that Special Summoned monster. You can only use this effect of "Number 97: Draglubion" once per turn.')
('Blowback Dragon', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; toss a coin 3 times and destroy that target if at least 2 of the results are heads.')
('The Spell Absorbing Life', 'Flip all face-down Defense Position Monster Cards on the field face-up. Flip Effects are not activated at this time. Increase your Life Points by 400 points for each Effect Monster Card on the field.')
('Triamid Hunter', 'If a Field Spell Card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon 1 Rock-Type monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn: You can target 1 "Triamid" Field Spell Card in your Field Zone; send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, activate 1 "Triamid" Field Spell Card from your Deck with a different name (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Banishment of the Darklords', 'Add 1 "Darklord" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Banishment of the Darklords". You can only activate 1 "Banishment of the Darklords" per turn.')
('Worm Bait', 'If you control an Insect monster: Special Summon 2 "Worm Tokens" (Insect/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You cannot Normal or Special Summon any Level 3 or 4 monsters the turn you activate this card.')
('Daigusto Eguls', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Gusto" monsters\nOnce per turn, during your End Phase: You can banish 1 WIND monster from your Graveyard to target 1 face-down card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Abyss Script - Romantic Terror', 'Return 1 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster you control to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon from your Extra Deck in Defense Position, 1 face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster with a different original name from that monster. If this Set card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can Set any number of "Abyss Script" Spells directly from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Abyss Script - Romantic Terror" per turn.')
('Stoic of Prophecy', 'When this card is sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 Level 3 "Prophecy" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Dinowrestler Capaptera', 'If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; send it to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Capaptera" once per turn. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Dinowrestler" monster: You can activate this effect; the Link Monster that used this card as material gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Parsec, the Interstellar Dragon', 'If you control a Level 8 monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing.')
('Dragon Seeker', 'When this card is Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned, destroy 1 face-up Dragon-Type monster on the field.')
("Battlin' Boxer Rib Gardna", 'During either player\'s turn: You can banish this card from your hand or Graveyard, then target 1 "Battlin\' Boxer" monster you control; banish it until your next Standby Phase.')
('F.A. Winners', 'If you control a "F.A." monster, this card cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. When your "F.A." monster whose Level is at least 5 higher than its original Level battles an opponent\'s monster and inflicts battle damage to them: You can banish 1 card from your hand, field, or GY. You can only activate this effect of "F.A. Winners" once per turn. If 3 of your "F.A." Field Spells with different names are currently banished, and were all banished by the effect of "F.A. Winners", you win the Duel.')
('Supreme King Dragon Odd-Eyes', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can Tribute 1 "Supreme King Dragon" monster; destroy this card, and if you do, add 1 Pendulum Monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Tribute 2 "Supreme King Dragon" monsters; Special Summon this card from your hand. If your Pendulum Monster battles an opponent\'s monster, any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent is doubled. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon up to 2 face-up "Supreme King Dragon" and/or "Supreme King Gate" Pendulum Monsters from your Extra Deck in Defense Position, except "Supreme King Dragon Odd-Eyes".')
('White Potan', 'If you control a face-up Tuner monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. When a face-up Tuner monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Number 55: Gogogo Goliath', '2 Level 4 monsters\nAll monsters you control gain 800 DEF. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Level 4 EARTH Rock-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Number 55: Gogogo Goliath" once per turn.')
('Genex Ally Birdman', 'You can return 1 face-up monster you control to the hand; Special Summon this card from your hand, but banish it when it leaves the field, also it gains 500 ATK if the returned monster was WIND on the field.')
('Crystron Rosenix', 'You can target 1 face-up card you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Machine-Type Synchro Monsters, also, destroy that card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Crystron" Tuner from your Deck. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Crystron Token" (Machine-Type/WATER/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0), but it cannot be Tributed. You can only use 1 "Crystron Rosenix" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Continuous Destruction Punch', "If the DEF of the attacked Defense Position monster on your side of the field is higher than the ATK of the attacking monster on your opponent's side of the field, destroy the attacking monster. Damage calculation is applied normally.")
('Fortune Lady Wind', 'This card\'s ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 300. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When this card is Normal Summoned, you can destroy a number of Spell or Trap Cards your opponent controls equal to the number of face-up "Fortune Lady" monsters you control.')
('Metalfoes Mithrilium', '1 "Metalfoes" monster + 1 Pendulum Monster\r\nYou can target 2 "Metalfoes" cards in your GY and 1 card on the field; shuffle the targets from your GY into the Deck, and if you do, return the target on the field to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Metalfoes Mithrilium" once per turn. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Metalfoes" Pendulum Monster from your GY or face-up Extra Deck.')
('Dedication through Light and Darkness', 'Tribute 1 "Dark Magician"; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician of Chaos" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.')
('Plunder Patroll Shipshape Ships Shipping', 'Fusion Summon 1 Fiend Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Plunder Patroll" monster you control; equip 1 "Emblem of the Plunder Patroll", or 1 "Plunder Patroll" monster, from your Deck to that target. You can only use this effect of "Plunder Patroll Shipshape Ships Shipping" once per turn.')
('Gogogo Gigas', 'While this card is in your Graveyard, if you Special Summon a "Gogogo" monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in face-up Defense Position. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. You can only use the effect of "Gogogo Gigas" once per turn.')
('Hexatellarknight', 'Each "tellarknight" Xyz Monster gains 200 ATK and DEF for each Xyz Material attached to it. When a "tellarknight" Xyz Monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can send 1 "tellarknight" card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate that attack.')
('Leotron', 'A territorial electronic monster that guards its own domain.')
('Royal Magical Library', 'Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves (max. 3). You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; draw 1 card.')
('Performapal Turn Toad', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; switch its current ATK and DEF until the end of this turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, during your Battle Phase (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster you control; change its battle position, and if you do, switch its current ATK and DEF until the end of this turn.')
('Gishki Aquamirror', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Gishki" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from the field or your hand whose total Levels equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. You can shuffle this card from the Graveyard into the Deck to target 1 "Gishki" Ritual Monster in your Graveyard; return that target to the hand.')
('Dododo Bot', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned (but can be Normal Set). If this card attacks, it is unaffected by other card effects until the end of the Damage Step.')
('Security Force Orifice', 'Your opponent cannot target monsters they control that face a "Security Force" monster you control with card effects. When a monster your opponent controls activates its effect (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Security Force" card from your hand; destroy that monster. You can only use this effect of "Security Force Orifice" once per turn.')
('Spell Canceller', 'Spell Cards, and their effects on the field, cannot be activated. Negate all Spell effects on the field.')
('Infernoble Knight Maugis', 'While this card is an Equip Card, the equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle. You can only use each of the following effects of "Infernoble Knight Maugis" once per turn. If this card is sent to the GY: You can shuffle into the Deck, 3 of your other FIRE Warrior monsters and/or "Noble Arms" cards that are banished or in your GY; draw 1 card. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 Warrior monster you control; equip this card to that monster you control.')
('Dance Princess of the Nekroz', 'Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of a "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. "Nekroz" Ritual Monsters you control cannot be targeted by an opponent\'s card effects. If this card is Tributed by a card effect: You can target 1 of your banished "Necroz" monsters, except "Dance Princess of the Nekroz"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Dance Princess of the Nekroz" once per turn.')
('Totem Five', 'If 5 monsters are Special Summoned at the same time, including this card: Destroy as many cards your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each card destroyed.')
('A Rival Appears!', 'Select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. Special Summon 1 monster from your hand that has the same Level as the selected monster.')
('Cyber Dragon', 'If only your opponent controls a monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Deal of Phantom', "Select 1 face-up monster on the field. Increase the selected monster's ATK by 100 points for each monster in your Graveyard during the turn this card is activated. The number of monsters is applied when this card is activated.")
('Fortune Lady Water', 'This card\'s ATK/DEF become its Level x 300. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Increase this card\'s Level by 1 (max. 12). If this card is Special Summoned while you control a "Fortune Lady" monster except "Fortune Lady Water": Draw 2 cards.')
('Mormolith', 'You can Tribute 1 face-up EARTH monster to destroy all face-up monsters with DEF equal to or less than the ATK of the Tributed card.')
('Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo', '1 Machine-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Superheavy Samurai" monsters\nThis card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, if you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card in your opponent\'s Graveyard; Set it to your side of the field, but banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Litmus Doom Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Litmus Doom Swordsman". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, whose total Levels equal 8 or more. If this card is in the GY: You can target 1 "Litmus Doom Swordsman" in your GY; shuffle both it and this card from the GY into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Litmus Doom Ritual" once per turn.')
('Book of Life', "Target 1 Zombie monster in your GY and 1 monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon the first target, also banish the second target.")
('Lady of the Lake', 'Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a Warrior-Type monster. If this card is used for a Synchro Summon, banish it. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Noble Knight" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 5 "Noble Knight" monster you control; reduce its Level by 1, and if you do, Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Aromage Marjoram', 'While your LP are higher than your opponent\'s, you take no battle damage from attacks involving your Plant monsters. You can only use each of the following effects of "Aromage Marjoram" once per turn.\n● When a Plant monster you control is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then gain 500 LP.\n● If you gain LP: Target cards in your opponent\'s GY, up to the number of "Aroma" monsters you control; banish them.')
('Xtra HERO Infernal Devicer', '2 "HERO" monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can reveal 1 "HERO" Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck, and if you do, add up to 2 of the Fusion Materials listed on that card, with different names, from your Deck to your hand. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except "HERO" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Xtra HERO Infernal Devicer" once per turn. Fiend monsters this card points to gain ATK/DEF equal to its Level x 100.')
('Elemental HERO Steam Healer', '"Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" + "Elemental HERO Bubbleman"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Gain Life Points equal to the ATK of that destroyed monster in the Graveyard.')
('Awakening of the Possessed - Gagigobyte', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand or Deck) by sending 1 face-up Spellcaster monster and 1 face-up Level 4 or lower WATER monster you control to the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Awakening of the Possessed - Gagigobyte" once per turn. When Summoned this way: You can send 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand to the GY, then each player draws 1 card. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Spiritual Water Art" card or 1 "Possessed" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.')
('Poseidra, the Atlantean Dragon', 'You can Tribute 3 Level 3 or lower WATER monsters; Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. When you do: Return all Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand, and if you do, if 3 or more cards are returned to the hand by this effect, all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 300 ATK for each.')
('Interrupted Kaiju Slumber', 'Destroy as many monsters on the field as possible, then Special Summon in Attack Position, 2 "Kaiju" monsters with different names from your Deck (1 on each side), but they cannot change their battle positions, and must attack, if able. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Kaiju" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Interrupted Kaiju Slumber" per turn.')
('Grinning Grave Virus', "Tribute 1 DARK monster with 3000 or less ATK; your opponent destroys 1 card (of their choice) in their hand or Deck for every 500 ATK that monster had on the field. If you Tributed a monster with 2000 or more ATK to activate this card, look at all cards your opponent draws until the end of their 3rd turn after this card's activation, and destroy all monsters among them. Cards destroyed and sent to the GY by this card's effects cannot activate their own effects that same turn.")
('Backup Squad', "Each time you take 1000 or more damage by your opponent's card effect or their monster's attack: Draw 1 card for every 1000 damage you took.")
('Number 32: Shark Drake', "3 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn, when this attacking card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon the destroyed monster to your opponent's side of the field in face-up Attack Position, also it loses 1000 ATK, and if you do Summon this way, this card can make a second attack during this Battle Phase.")
('Bountiful Artemis', 'Each time a Counter Trap Card is activated, immediately after it resolves, draw 1 card.')
('Royal Command', "Flip monsters' effects cannot be activated, also their effects are negated.")
('Meklord Astro the Eradicator', 'Target 3 "Meklord" monsters with different names in your GY; add them to your hand, OR Special Summon them, ignoring their Summoning conditions. Until the end of your next turn after this card is activated, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Machine monsters. If you control a "Meklord Astro" monster: You can banish this card from your GY; destroy 1 Synchro Monster your opponent controls, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK. You can only use each effect of "Meklord Astro the Eradicator" once per turn.')
('Hydrogeddon', 'When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Hydrogeddon" from your Deck.')
('Inmato', 'When 1 other face-up Plant-Type monster is targeted by the effect of a Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls, you can Tribute this card to draw 2 cards.')
('Solitary Sword of Poison', 'Equip only to a monster you control. If the equipped monster battles an opponent\'s monster, the equipped monster\'s original ATK/DEF is doubled during damage calculation only. If you control a monster other than the equipped monster, send this card to the GY. You can only control 1 "Solitary Sword of Poison".')
('Genex Ally Triforce', '1 "Genex" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nThis card\'s effects depend on the Attribute(s) of its non-Tuner Synchro Material Monsters. ● EARTH: If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. ● FIRE: If this card destroys a monster by battle, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster. ● LIGHT: Once per turn, you can select 1 LIGHT monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position.')
('Constellar Pleiades', "2 Level 5 LIGHT monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; return that target to the hand.")
('Horn of Heaven', 'When a monster(s) would be Summoned: Tribute 1 monster; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).')
('Reckless Greed', 'Draw 2 cards and skip your next 2 Draw Phases.')
('Asymmetaphys', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Metaphys" card from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. Once per turn, if your "Metaphys" card in its owner\'s possession is banished: Apply this effect depending on whose turn it is.\r\n● Your turn: All monsters on the field lose 500 ATK/DEF, except "Metaphys" monsters.\r\n● Opponent\'s turn: Change the battle positions of all monsters on the field, except "Metaphys" monsters.')
('Ekibyo Drakmord', "The equipped monster cannot attack. Destroy the equipped monster at the end of its controller's 2nd turn after this card is activated. At that time, this card is returned to the owner's hand.")
('Zera the Mant', 'This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Zera Ritual".')
('Hyper Metamorphosis', 'You can activate this Skill while you control a Level 3 or lower Insect Normal Monster. Discard 2 cards and Tribute 1 Level 3 or lower Insect Normal Monster you control to Special Summon 1 "Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth" from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Any damage your opponent takes for the rest of this turn is halved. ')
('Prevention Star', 'Equip only to a monster you control, if it was changed from face-up Attack Position to face-up Defense Position this turn. Select 1 monster your opponent controls. That monster cannot attack or change its battle position. When the equipped monster is destroyed and this card is sent to the Graveyard, remove from play the selected monster.')
('Iron Chain Repairman', 'When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict 300 damage to your opponent. Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Iron Chain" monster from your Graveyard, except "Iron Chain Repairman". This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.')
('Crevice Into the Different Dimension', 'Declare 1 Attribute and select a total of 2 monsters with that Attribute from the Graveyards. Remove those monsters from play.')
('Smile Universe', 'Special Summon as many face-up Pendulum Monsters from your Extra Deck as possible, but they have their effects negated (if any), then your opponent gains LP equal to the total original ATK of those Special Summoned monsters. You cannot Normal or Special Summon other monsters, or attack, during the turn you activate this card.')
('CXyz Comics Hero Legend Arthur', '3 Level 5 monsters\nOnce per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card has "Comics Hero King Arthur" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; banish the destroyed monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.')
('Acid Rain', 'Destroy all face-up Machine-Type monsters on the field.')
('Junk Anchor', 'For a Synchro Summon, you can substitute this card for any 1 "Synchron" Tuner monster. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 non-Tuner "Junk" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster that lists a "Synchron" monster as a Tuner, using that monster and this card only. These Synchro Materials are banished instead of being sent to the Graveyard.')
('Karakuri Cash Inn', 'Target 1 "Karakuri" monster you control and 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; change the battle position of your monster, and if you do, negate the effects of that opponent\'s monster until the end of this turn. If you control a "Karakuri" monster(s): You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; change that monster\'s battle position. You can only activate 1 "Karakuri Cash Inn" per turn.')
('Common Charity', 'Draw 2 cards, then banish 1 Normal Monster from your hand, or, if you do not have any in your hand, send your entire hand to the GY.')
('Barrel Behind the Door', "Activate only when a card's effect that would inflict damage to you is activated. Your opponent takes the damage instead.")
('Royal Oppression', 'Either player can pay 800 Life Points to negate the Special Summon of a monster(s), and/or an effect that Special Summons a monster(s), and destroy those cards.')
('Vijam the Cubic Seed', "Cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can place this card face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, and if you do, place 1 Cubic Counter on that opponent's monster. (Monsters with a Cubic Counter cannot attack, also negate their effects.) If this card is treated as a Continuous Spell Card by this effect, during your Main Phase: You can Special Summon this card from your Spell & Trap Zone.")
('Larvas', 'A fast-moving, bird-like creature that strangles opposing monsters with its long, thin arms.')
('Salamangreat Emerald Eagle', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Rise of the Salamangreat". When this card is Ritual Summoned using "Salamangreat Emerald Eagle" you control: You can destroy all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster; this turn, this card gains this effect.\n● At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent\'s monster: Destroy that opponent\'s monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster\'s original ATK.')
('Vampire Familiar', 'If this card is Special Summoned: You can pay 500 LP; add 1 "Vampire" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Vampire Familiar". If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 "Vampire" card from your hand or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Vampire Familiar" once per turn.')
('Release from Stone', 'Select 1 of your removed from play Rock-Type monsters, and Special Summon it. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('Gift of the Mystical Elf', 'Increase your Life Points by 300 points for each monster on the field.')
('Megalith Ophiel', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with a "Megalith" card. If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can add 1 "Megalith" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Megalith Ophiel". During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; Ritual Summon 1 Ritual Monster from your hand, by Tributing monsters from your hand or field, including this card on your field, whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster. You can only use this effect of "Megalith Ophiel" once per turn.')
("Summoner's Art", 'Add 1 Level 5 or higher Normal Monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Luminous Spark', 'All LIGHT monsters gain 500 ATK and lose 400 DEF.')
('Phantom King Hydride', 'If you use this card you control for a Synchro Summon, you can treat it as a non-Tuner monster.')
('Nine-Tailed Fox', 'If this card is in your hand or GY: You can Tribute 2 monsters; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Nine-Tailed Fox" once per turn. If this card that was Special Summoned from the GY attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 2 "Fox Tokens" (Zombie/FIRE/Level 2/ATK 500/DEF 500).')
('Gozen Match', 'Each player can only control 1 Attribute of monster. Send all other face-up monsters they control to the GY.')
('Arcana Call', 'Select 1 "Arcana Force" monster you control. Remove from play 1 "Arcana Force" monster from either player\'s Graveyard. Until the End Phase, the selected monster\'s effect becomes the removed monster\'s effect for the same coin toss result.')
('Cyber Ogre 2', '"Cyber Ogre" + "Cyber Ogre"\nA Fusion Summon of this monster can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. When this card attacks, it gains ATK equal to half the ATK of the attack target, during damage calculation only.')
('The Third Sarcophagus', 'This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "The First Sarcophagus".')
('Mokey Mokey King', '"Mokey Mokey" + "Mokey Mokey" + "Mokey Mokey"\nWhen this card is removed from the field, you can Special Summon as many "Mokey Mokey" as possible from your Graveyard.')
('Masterking Archfiend', '2 Fiend monsters\nOnce per turn, during your Standby Phase, pay 500 LP or destroy this card. Once per Chain, if you pay LP (except during the Damage Step): You can send 1 Fiend monster from your Deck to the GY with ATK or DEF equal to the amount paid. Once per Chain, if a Fiend monster(s) is sent to your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can roll a six-sided die, then apply this effect on 1 of those monsters based on the result.\n● 1: Add it to your hand. ● 2, 3, 4, 5: Shuffle into the Deck. ● 6: Special Summon it.')
('Farm Delivery', 'If you control a Normal Monster: Target up to 3 of your banished Normal Monsters; shuffle them into the Deck.')
('Battle Instinct', 'Activate only when your opponent declares a direct attack and you control no monsters. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Beast-Type monster from your hand, in face-up Attack Position.')
('Dice Try!', 'When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, that requires a dice roll: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Number C80: Requiem in Berserk', '3 Level 5 monsters\nYou can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; equip this monster you control to that target. It gains 2000 ATK. If a monster equipped with this card would be destroyed, destroy this card instead. If this card has "Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; banish that target.')
('Evoltile Odonto', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Evolsaur" monster from your hand.')
("Number 79: Battlin' Boxer Nova Kaiser", '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can attach 1 "Battlin\' Boxer" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card as an Xyz Material. This card gains 100 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can target Level 4 or lower "Battlin\' Boxer" monsters in your Graveyard, up to the number of Xyz Materials this card had on the field; Special Summon those targets.')
('Vendread Revolution', 'Discard 1 card, then target 1 "Vendread" monster and 1 Ritual Spell in your GY; Special Summon that monster in Defense Position, and if you do, add that Ritual Spell to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 5 of your banished Zombie monsters; shuffle them into your Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Vendread Revolution" once per turn.')
('Void Expansion', 'During your Standby Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Infernoid Token" (Fiend-Type/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). To Special Summon an "Infernoid" monster using its own procedure, you can banish "Infernoid" monster(s) you control instead of those in the Graveyard (or any combination of both). Your opponent cannot target "Infernoid" monsters you control for attacks or with card effects, except the "Infernoid" monster you control with the highest Level (either, if tied).')
('PSY-Framelord Omega', "1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nOnce per turn, during the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can banish both this face-up card from the field and 1 random card from your opponent's hand, face-up, until your next Standby Phase. Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase: You can target 1 banished card; return it to the GY. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 other card in the GY; shuffle both that card and this card from the GY into the Deck.")
('D/D/D Rebel King Leonidas', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhen you take effect damage (except during the Damage Step): You can destroy this card, and if you do, any effect that would inflict damage to a player this turn increases their LP by the same amount, instead.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen you take effect damage (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, gain LP equal to the damage you took. You take no effect damage.')
('Enchanted Javelin', 'Select 1 attacking monster. Gain Life Points equal to its ATK.')
('El Shaddoll Construct', '1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 LIGHT monster\r\nMust first be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your Deck to the GY. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Special Summoned monster: Destroy that monster. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap in your GY; add it to your hand.')
('Armor Ninjitsu Art of Rust Mist', 'When a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent\'s field, if you control a "Ninja" monster: Halve the current ATK of that Special Summoned monster(s).')
('Gimmick Puppet Gigantes Doll', '2 Level 4 "Gimmick Puppet" monsters\nYou can detach 2 materials from this card, then target up to 2 monsters your opponent controls; gain control of them until the End Phase, also for the rest of this turn you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Gimmick Puppet" monsters, nor declare an attack, except with Xyz Monsters. You can Tribute this card; all monsters you currently control become Level 8 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Gimmick Puppet Gigantes Doll" once per turn.')
('Legendary Knight Hermos', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Legend of Heart". When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap on the field; banish that target. Once per turn, when this card is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 Effect Monster in your GY; until the End Phase of your next turn, this card\'s name becomes that target\'s original name, and replace this effect with that target\'s original effects.')
('Labyrinth Wall', 'These walls form a labyrinth with no exit for enemies.')
('Azure-Eyes Silver Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner Normal Monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: Until the end of the next turn, neither player can target Dragon monsters you currently control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by card effects. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can target 1 Normal Monster in your GY; Special Summon it.')
('Contact "C"', "When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand to the opponent's field in Defense Position. This card's controller cannot Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summon unless they use this card as material.")
('Skydive Scorcher', 'Target 1 "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster you control; destroy as many monsters your opponent controls as possible, with ATK higher than that monster\'s, then inflict damage to your opponent equal to the highest original ATK among those destroyed monsters in the Graveyard (your choice, if tied). If a "Skyscraper" Field Spell Card is in your Field Zone, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the combined original ATK of those destroyed monsters in the Graveyard, instead.')
('Noble Knight Borz', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field. While equipped with a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card, this card becomes an Effect Monster with these effects.\n● This card becomes DARK and its Level is increased by 1. During your Main Phase: You can reveal 3 "Noble Arms" cards from your Deck, have your opponent randomly add 1 of them to your hand, and send the rest to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Noble Knight Borz" once per turn.')
('Dragunity Glow', 'Add 1 Level 5 or higher "Dragunity" monster from your Deck or GY to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Monster Card in your Spell & Trap Zone equipped to a "Dragunity" monster; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Dragunity Glow" once per turn.')
('LaMoon', 'A sorcerer that draws its power from the lunar landscape.')
('Sylvan Princessprout', 'You can only activate each effect of "Sylvan Princessprout" once per turn.\r\n● You can Tribute this card; excavate the top card of your Deck, send it to the Graveyard, then you can place 1 "sprout" monster in your Graveyard on top of your Deck.\r\n● If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can declare a Level from 1 to 8; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard, and if you do, it becomes that Level.')
('Eternal Soul', 'Every "Dark Magician" in your Monster Zone is unaffected by your opponent\'s card effects. If this face-up card leaves the field: Destroy all monsters you control. You can only use the following effect of "Eternal Soul" once per turn. You can activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand or GY.\r\n● Add 1 "Dark Magic Attack" or "Thousand Knives" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Card Guard', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Place 1 Guard Counter on it. This card gains 300 ATK for each Guard Counter on it. Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; remove 1 Guard Counter from this card, and if you do, place 1 Guard Counter on that target (if that card would ever be destroyed, remove 1 Guard Counter from it instead).')
('Infernity Sage', 'During your Main Phase: You can discard your entire hand. If this card is sent to the GY: You can send 1 "Infernity" monster from your Deck to your GY. You must have no cards in your hand to activate and to resolve this effect. You can only use each effect of "Infernity Sage" once per turn.')
('Hungry Burger', 'This monster can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Hamburger Recipe". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Level Stars equal 6 or more from the field or your hand.')
('Packet Swap', 'Target 1 face-up non-Link Monster you control and 1 Link Monster your opponent controls; switch control of those monsters. You can only activate 1 "Packet Swap" per turn.')
('Zombie World', 'All monsters on the field and in the GYs become Zombie monsters. Neither player can Tribute Summon monsters, except Zombie monsters.')
('Minomushi Warrior', 'A rock warrior that wields a heavy blade carved from stone.')
('Saber Beetle', 'During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Spellbook Star Hall', 'Each time a "Spellbook" Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card. All Spellcaster-Type monsters you control gain 100 ATK for each Spell Counter on this card. When this card with Spell Counter(s) is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Spell Counters that were on this card.')
('Armageddon Designator', 'Banish 1 card from your hand; neither player can activate cards, or the effects of cards, with that name for the rest of this Duel.')
('Man Beast of Ares', 'After a Chain (of 2 or more Links) resolves, this card gains 500 ATK.')
('Qliphort Helix', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card\'s current Level. If this card is Tributed: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.')
('Phantom Fortress Enterblathnir', "2 Level 9 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Banish 1 card your opponent controls.\r\n● Banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand.\r\n● Banish 1 card from your opponent's GY.\r\n● Banish the top card of your opponent's Deck, face-up.")
('Gouki Finisher', 'Target 1 "Gouki" Link Monster you control; until the end of this turn, it gains ATK equal to its Link Rating x 1000, and if it does, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot declare attacks, except with "Gouki" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Gouki Finisher" per turn.')
('Windwitch - Diamond Bell', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner WIND monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 "Windwitch" monster in your GY; inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its ATK. You can only use this effect of "Windwitch - Diamond Bell" once per turn. Once per turn, if your opponent takes battle or effect damage: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. This effect can be used up to twice per turn if this card was Synchro Summoned using only "Windwitch" monsters as material.')
('Book of Taiyou', 'Flip 1 face-down monster on the field into face-up Attack Position.')
('Apoqliphort Skybase', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. Requires 3 "Qli" Tributes to Normal Summon/Set. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by Spell/Trap effects and by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card\'s current Level. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase.')
('Lunalight White Rabbit', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Lunalight" monster in your Graveyard, except "Lunalight White Rabbit"; Special Summon it in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can target Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls, up to the number of other "Lunalight" cards you control; return them to the hand.')
('Queen Angel of Roses', 'You can Tribute Summon this card in face-up Attack Position by Tributing 1 Plant-Type monster. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Destroy the 1 face-up monster on the field that has the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied).')
('Drastic Drop Off', 'When your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck to their hand, including drawing: They must discard 1 of those cards.')
('Cursed Eldland', 'You cannot declare attacks, except with Zombie monsters. You can only use each of the following effects of "Cursed Eldland" once per turn.\n● You can pay 800 LP; add 1 "Eldlich" monster or 1 "Golden Land" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. \n● If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY: You can send 1 "Eldlich" monster or 1 "Golden Land" Spell/Trap from your Deck to the GY.')
('Dark Magician of Chaos', 'During the End Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can target 1 Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Dark Magician of Chaos" once per turn. If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, after damage calculation: Banish that opponent\'s monster. If this face-up card would leave the field, banish it instead.')
('Master with Eyes of Blue', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 1 LIGHT Tuner in your GY; add it to your hand. You can shuffle this card from your GY into the Deck, then target 1 Effect Monster you control; send it to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster from your GY, other than the sent monster. You can only use this effect of "Master with Eyes of Blue" once per turn.')
('A-Team: Trap Disposal Unit', "This effect can be used during either player's turn. When your opponent activates a Trap Card, Tribute this face-up card to negate the activation of the Trap Card and destroy it.")
('Neo Flamvell Shaman', 'If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle while you have 3 or more "Flamvell" monsters in your Graveyard, select 1 card in your opponent\'s Graveyard and remove it from play. If your opponent does not have any Spell Cards in their Graveyard when this effect activates, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Astra Ghouls', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but its effects are negated, also banish it during the End Phase. Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, and the face-up monsters you currently control become the Level equal to the result, until the end of this turn.')
("Tyrant's Tummyache", 'Activate by Tributing 1 monster. Neither player can Special Summon a Level 6 or higher monster. If you have 3 or more cards in your hand, destroy this card.')
('T.G. Gear Zombie', 'You can target 1 "T.G." monster you control; Special Summon this card from your hand, then the targeted monster loses 1000 ATK. You can only use this effect of "T.G. Gear Zombie" once per turn.')
('Ancient Warriors Saga - Three Visits', 'During your Main Phase, if you Normal or Special Summon an "Ancient Warriors" monster(s): You can target 1 of those monsters; add 1 "Ancient Warriors" monster with a different name from your Deck to your hand. If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Ancient Warriors" monster from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Ancient Warriors Saga - Three Visits" once per turn. Send this card to the GY during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation.')
('Rising Energy', 'Discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target gains 1500 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Giant Trunade', 'Return all Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand.')
('Karakuri Bonze mdl 9763 "Kunamzan"', 'This card must attack, if able. If this card is targeted for an attack: Change the battle position of this card. If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 "Karakuri" monster you control; change its battle position, and if you do, Special Summon this card as a Tuner, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except EARTH Machine monsters. You can only use this effect of "Karakuri Bonze mdl 9763 "Kunamzan"" once per turn.')
('Marincess Mandarin', 'If you control 2 or more "Marincess" monsters, while this card is in your hand or GY: You can target 1 WATER Link Monster you control; Special Summon this card to your zone that monster points to, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Marincess Mandarin" once per turn.')
('The Phantom Knights of Stained Greaves', 'If a "The Phantom Knights" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can increase its Level by 1. You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster from your hand, except "The Phantom Knights of Stained Greaves", then you can increase its Level by 1. You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Stained Greaves" once per turn.')
('The Six Samurai - Yariza', 'While you control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name, this card can attack your opponent directly. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.')
('Union Rider', "You can take control of up to 1 Union Monster that is currently a monster on your opponent's side of the field, and equip it to this card. The Union Monster that is equipped to this card cannot be changed back to a monster using its own effect.")
('Daybreaker', 'When this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Daybreaker" from your hand.')
('Big Koala', "A species of huge Des Koala. He's meek, but people are afraid of him because he's very powerful.")
('Spirit Message "I"', 'This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board".')
('Rank-Up-Magic ZEXAL Force', 'Target 1 Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Utopia" or "ZW -" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster you control, by using it as material, and if you do, place 1 "ZW -" or "ZS -" monster from your Deck on top of your Deck. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.) If your opponent\'s LP are at least 2000 higher than yours: You can banish this card from your GY; draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Rank-Up-Magic ZEXAL Force" once per turn.')
('Justice Bringer', 'Once per turn, when a Special Summoned monster your opponent controls activates its effect, you can negate the activation.')
('Pendulum Reborn', 'Special Summon 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, or 1 Pendulum Monster from your GY.')
('Light Spiral', 'Each time a card(s) is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard by the effect of a "Lightsworn" monster, remove from play the top card of your opponent\'s Deck.')
('Morphtronic Staplen', '● While in Attack Position: Your opponent cannot select another monster as an attack target. If this card is destroyed by battle, the monster that destroyed this card loses 300 ATK.\n● While in Defense Position: This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is attacked, after damage calculation, select 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls. Change it to Defense Position and this card to Attack Position.')
('Malice, Lady of Lament', '(Quick Effect): You can Tribute 2 monsters, then target 1 of your Normal Traps that is banished or in your GY; Set that target, but place it on the bottom of the Deck when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Malice, Lady of Lament" once per turn.')
('Dark Blade the Captain of the Evil World', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard to target 1 Level 4 or lower LIGHT monster your opponent controls; equip it to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) If this card on the field would be destroyed, the monster equipped to it with this effect is destroyed, instead.')
('Forbidden Arts of the Gishki', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Gishki" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute face-up monsters from anywhere on the field, whose total Levels equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. Halve the ATK of the monster Ritual Summoned by this effect. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Cyber Dragon Nova', '2 Level 5 Machine monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Cyber Dragon" in your GY; Special Summon that target. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Cyber Dragon" from your hand or face-up from your Monster Zone; this card gains 2100 ATK until the end of this turn. If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by your opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Machine Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.')
('Kozmo Sliprider', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck.')
('Paleozoic Leanchoilia', 'Target 1 banished card; return it to the GY. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Salamangreat Circle', 'Activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Add 1 "Salamangreat" monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● Target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster you control that was Link Summoned using a monster with its same name as material; that Link Monster is unaffected by monster effects this turn, except its own.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Salamangreat Circle" per turn.')
('Rainbow Refraction', 'If a monster(s) you control whose original name is "Rainbow Dragon" or "Rainbow Dark Dragon" activated its effect this turn: Special Summon any number of "Crystal Beast" monsters with different names from your Deck.')
('Treacherous Trap Hole', 'If you have no Trap Cards in your Graveyard: Target 2 monsters on the field; destroy those targets.')
('Legendary Fiend', 'Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: This card gains 700 ATK.')
('Synchro Material', 'Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; you can use that monster as Synchro Material this turn, as if you controlled it. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.')
('Star Seraph Scout', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Star Seraph" monster from your hand.')
('Arcana Force IV - The Emperor', 'When this card is Summoned, toss a coin: ● Heads: All "Arcana Force" monsters you control gain 500 ATK. ● Tails: All "Arcana Force" monsters you control lose 500 ATK.')
('SPYRAL MISSION - Rescue', 'Destroy this card during your 3rd End Phase after activation. Once per turn: You can target 1 "SPYRAL" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "SPYRAL" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only control 1 "SPYRAL MISSION - Rescue".')
('Caius the Shadow Monarch', 'If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 card on the field; banish that target, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent if it is a DARK monster.')
("The Portrait's Secret", 'A portrait cursed by the artist, it is said to bring ill fortune to anyone who owns it.')
('Valkyrion the Magna Warrior', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Alpha The Magnet Warrior", "Beta The Magnet Warrior", and "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" from your hand and/or field. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Alpha The Magnet Warrior", "Beta The Magnet Warrior", and "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" in your Graveyard; Special Summon them.')
('Infinitrack Trencher', 'You can Tribute 1 EARTH Machine monster; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Level 5 or lower "Infinitrack" monster in your GY, except "Infinitrack Trencher"; Special Summon that monster in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Trencher" once per turn.')
('Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye', 'If you control an Insect monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During your Main Phase: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each "Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye" you control. You can only use each effect of "Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye" once per turn.')
('Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem', '"Ancient Gear Golem" + 2 "Ancient Gear" monsters\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card is destroyed: You can target 1 "Ancient Gear Golem" in your GY; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Hailon, the Timelord', "Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: If your LP is lower than your opponent's, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.")
('Security Force Professor Digamma', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its battle position. You can only use this effect of "Security Force Professor Digamma" once per turn. The battle position of monsters your opponent controls that face a "Security Force" monster you control cannot be changed, except with card effects.')
('Qliphort Stealth', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All "Qli" monsters you control gain 300 ATK.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card\'s current Level. When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Qli" monster(s): You can target 1 card on the field; return it to the hand. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect\'s activation.')
('Blade Armor Ninja', '2 Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 "Ninja" monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('Overdone Burial', 'Activate this card by discarding 1 monster, then target 1 monster in your GY whose Level is lower than the discarded monster\'s original Level; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. The equipped monster has its effects negated. You can only activate 1 "Overdone Burial" per turn.')
('Hack Worm', 'If your opponent controls no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Gust', 'You can activate this card when 1 or more of your Spell Cards are destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard by a card effect your opponent controls. Destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.')
('Triamid Dancer', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 "Triamid" card in your Graveyard; shuffle it into the Deck, and if you do, all Rock-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn: You can target 1 "Triamid" Field Spell Card in your Field Zone; send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, activate 1 "Triamid" Field Spell Card from your Deck with a different name (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Tomozaurus', 'Small but vicious, this monster even attacks its own kind.')
('Reflect Bounder', "Before damage calculation, if this card is being attacked by an opponent's monster, and was in face-up Attack Position at the start of the Damage Step: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the attacking monster's ATK. If you do, after damage calculation: Destroy this card.")
('Artifact Lancea', "You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your GY: Special Summon it. During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card from your hand or face-up field; neither player can banish cards for the rest of this turn.")
('Mazera DeVille', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 1 face-up "Warrior of Zera" on your side of the field while "Pandemonium" is on the field. If "Pandemonium" is on your side of the field when you Special Summon this card, your opponent discards 3 random cards from their hand. If "Pandemonium" is not on your side of the field, this effect is not applied.')
('Archfiend Eccentrick', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can target 1 other Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy both it and this card. You can only use this effect of "Archfiend Eccentrick" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Tribute this card, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Archfiend Eccentrick" once per turn.')
('Crystal Pair', 'When a "Crystal Beast" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Place 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, then you take no Battle Damage for the rest of this turn.')
("Magician's Circle", 'When a Spellcaster monster declares an attack: Each player Special Summons 1 Spellcaster monster with 2000 or less ATK from their Deck in Attack Position.')
('Reborn Tengu', 'If this face-up card leaves the field: Special Summon 1 "Reborn Tengu" from your Deck.')
('Dark World Dealings', 'Each player draws 1 card, then each player discards 1 card.')
('Digital Bug Scaradiator', "2 or more Level 3 LIGHT Insect-Type monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; change its battle position, and if you do, it has its effects negated until the end of this turn. Once per turn, when this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can attach that destroyed monster to this card as Xyz Material.")
('Cloudian - Acid Cloud', 'This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. When you Normal Summon this card, place 1 Fog Counter on it for each "Cloudian" monster on the field. You can remove 2 Fog Counters from this card to destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card.')
('Pendulumucho', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can target 1 of your Pendulum Monsters, that is banished or in your GY, except "Pendulumucho"; add it to your Extra Deck face-up.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 face-up Level 1 Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Pendulumucho", but banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Ancient Warriors - Valiant Zhang De', 'Gains 300 ATK for each monster your opponent controls, during your turn only. You can only use each of the following effects of "Ancient Warriors - Valiant Zhang De" once per turn.\r\n● If you control 2 or more "Ancient Warriors" monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\r\n● If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can activate this effect; this card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('Elemental HERO Lady Heat', 'During each of your End Phases: Inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each face-up "Elemental HERO" monster you control.')
('Yellow Ninja', 'If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Ninja" monster from your hand in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Ninja" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Yellow Ninja" once per turn.')
('Beckoning Light', 'Discard your entire hand, then for each card you discarded to the GY by this effect, add 1 LIGHT monster from your GY to your hand.')
('Ghostrick Renovation', 'Target 1 "Ghostrick" Field Spell in your Field Zone; return it to the hand, then you can activate 1 Field Spell from your hand or Deck. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Ghostrick" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Ghostrick" Xyz Monster with a different name, by using that target as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.) You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Renovation" once per turn.')
('Spellbook of Fate', 'If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster: You can banish up to 3 "Spellbook" Spell Cards from your Graveyard; apply this effect, depending on the number of Spell Cards banished for this card\'s activation. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Fate" per turn.\n● 1: Return 1 Set Spell/Trap Card on the field to the hand.\n● 2: Change 1 monster on the field to face-down Defense Position or face-up Attack Position.\n● 3: Banish 1 card your opponent controls.')
('D/D/D Wave Oblivion King Caesar Ragnarok', '2 "D/D/D" monsters\nOnce per turn, when an attack is declared involving this card: You can target 1 other "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, equip 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to this card, except the battling monster. This card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect.')
('Mist Valley Falcon', 'This card cannot declare an attack unless you return 1 card you control to the hand.')
('Soul Unseal', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control a Normal Monster: Choose 5 Normal Monsters in your Deck, add 1 of them to your hand and banish the rest.')
('Unicycular', 'The third of the brothers, following Tricular and Bicular.')
('Celestial Knightlord Parshath', '2+ Fairy monsters\r\nYou can discard 1 card; add 1 "The Sanctuary in the Sky", or 1 card that specifically lists "The Sanctuary in the Sky" in its text, from your Deck to your hand, or, if "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field, you can add 1 Fairy monster instead. If another face-up Fairy monster you control is sent to the GY (except during the Damage Step): You can banish 1 Fairy monster from your GY; Special Summon 1 Fairy monster from your hand whose Level is higher than that banished monster\'s. You can only use each effect of "Celestial Knightlord Parshath" once per turn.')
('Speedroid Menko', "When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while this card is in your hand: You can Special Summon this card in Attack Position, and if you do, change all face-up monsters your opponent controls to Defense Position.")
('Skullbird', '"Takuhee" + "Temple of Skulls"')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Blue Impala', 'Cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a Machine-Type monster. The other Synchro Material Monster(s) are "Mecha Phantom Beast" monsters in your hand or on your side of the field. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0).')
('Double Dude Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Destiny HERO - Double Dude".')
('Shaddoll Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If your opponent controls a monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, you can also use monsters in your Deck as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Shaddoll Fusion" per turn.')
('Deskbot 001', 'Gains 500 ATK/DEF for each Machine monster you control. If 2 or more Machine monsters are Special Summoned at the same time, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card.')
('Superheavy Samurai Ninja Sarutobi', '1 Machine-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Superheavy Samurai" monsters\nThis card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, if you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit', 'You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. Its Level becomes 5. During either player\'s turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 Defense Position "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; until the end of this turn, it loses 800 DEF, but cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.')
('Dimensional Alchemist', 'Once per turn, you can activate this effect to remove from play the top card of your Deck and give this card 500 ATK until the End Phase. When this card is destroyed and sent from your side of the field to your Graveyard, you can select 1 of your removed from play monsters and return it to your hand.')
('Fiendish Portrait', 'Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 monster with that name from your Deck or Extra Deck, but shuffle it into the Deck during the End Phase of the next turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Deck or Extra Deck for the rest of this turn after this card resolves. You can only activate 1 "Fiendish Portrait" per turn.')
('Photon Hand', 'If you control a "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster: Pay 1000 LP, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it. During activation, if you do not control "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon", you cannot target monsters, except an Xyz Monster. You can only activate 1 "Photon Hand" per turn.')
('Destiny Mirage', 'When a "Destiny HERO" monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by an opponent\'s card effect: Special Summon, to your side of the field, all "Destiny HERO" monsters that were destroyed and sent to either Graveyard this turn.')
('Rokket Synchron', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher DARK Dragon monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, negate its effects, destroy it during the End Phase, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.')
('Flower Cardian Lightshower', '1 Tuner + 3 non-Tuner monsters\nYour opponent cannot target "Flower Cardian" monsters you control with card effects, also those monsters cannot be destroyed by card effects. During your opponent\'s Draw Phase, if they draw a card(s) for their normal draw: Inflict 1500 damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s End Phase: Activate 1 of these effects;\n● Skip the Draw Phase of your next turn.\n● This card has its other effects negated until your opponent\'s next Standby Phase.')
('Hieratic Dragon of Nuit', "Once per turn, during either player's turn, when this face-up card on the field is targeted by a Spell Card, Trap Card, or card effect: Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and make its ATK and DEF 0.")
('Performapal Radish Horse', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and 1 "Performapal" monster you control; that opponent\'s monster loses ATK equal to the ATK of that "Performapal" monster you control (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf your opponent controls a Special Summoned monster, and controls at least as many monsters as you, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on each player\'s field; until the end of this turn, that opponent\'s monster loses ATK equal to this card\'s ATK, and if it does, that monster you control gains ATK equal to this card\'s ATK.')
('Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon', '"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon"\nAt the end of the Damage Step, if this is the only face-up card you control, and this Fusion Summoned card attacked: You can send 1 "Blue-Eyes" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck to the Graveyard; this card can attack again in a row. You can use this effect of "Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" up to twice per turn. During either player\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets a "Blue-Eyes" monster(s) you control: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Dragonmaid Sheou', '1 "Dragonmaid" monster + 1 Level 5 or higher Dragon monster\r\nDuring each Standby Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Level 9 or lower "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, also, after that, return this card to the Extra Deck, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "House Dragonmaid" from your Extra Deck. You can only use each effect of "Dragonmaid Sheou" once per turn.')
('Gagaga Head', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing as a Level 4 monster. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target up to 2 "Gagaga" monsters in your Graveyard, except "Gagaga Head"; Special Summon them, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except by an Xyz Summon that uses only "Gagaga" monsters as materials. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.\n● If it is Xyz Summoned: Draw 1 card.')
('Rage of Kairyu-Shin', 'If "Umi" is on the field: Target monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of WATER monsters you control whose original Levels are 5 or higher; destroy them, and if you do, the zones they were in cannot be used until the end of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "Rage of Kairyu-Shin" per turn.')
('Jinzo - Returner', 'This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card is sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Jinzo" from your Graveyard. Destroy it during your End Phase.')
('Wilmee', 'A rabid rabbit that shears through opposition with its sharp skewers.')
('Malice Dispersion', 'Discard 1 card from your hand. Destroy all face-up Continuous Trap Cards.')
('Crow Goblin', 'A clever long-nosed goblin, he is a force to be reckoned with.')
("Gladiator's Return", 'Target 3 "Gladiator Beast" cards in your Graveyard; shuffle all 3 targets into the Deck, then draw 1 card.')
('Cyber Shark', 'If you control a WATER monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing.')
('Pulse Mines', "If you control a Machine monster: Change your opponent's Attack Position monsters (if any) to Defense Position, also, until the end of this turn, if a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your opponent's field, change them to Defense Position.")
('Heart of the Underdog', 'During your Draw Phase, when you draw a Normal Monster(s): You can reveal it; draw 1 more card.')
('Libic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss', 'If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Libic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 DARK Fiend-Type monster from your hand, but its effects are negated.')
('Pulse of Trishula', 'Apply these effects, in sequence, based on the number of "Ice Barrier" Synchro Monsters with different names you control.\r\n● 1+: Banish 1 card your opponent controls.\r\n● 2+: Banish 1 card from your opponent\'s GY.\r\n ● 3+: Banish 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand.\r\nWhen your opponent activates a card or effect that targets an "Ice Barrier" Synchro Monster(s) you control: You can banish this card from your GY; negate that effect. You can only use each effect of "Pulse of Trishula" once per turn.')
('Photon Wyvern', 'When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: Destroy all Set cards your opponent controls.')
('Infestation Tool', 'Send 1 "Steelswarm" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard to target 1 face-up "Steelswarm" monster you control; it gains 800 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Man Eater', 'Man-eating plant with poison feelers for attacking enemies.')
('Tri-Brigade Oath', 'Target 1 Link Monster you control; Special Summon 1 Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster with a different Type from your hand or GY. If you control at least 1 each of Beast, Beast-Warrior, and Winged Beast monsters: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn. You can only use 1 "Tri-Brigade Oath" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('The Tripper Mercury', 'When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can change all monsters on the field to face-up Attack Position. You can Tribute 3 monsters to Tribute Summon (but not Set) this card. If Summoned this way, while this card is on the field all monsters your opponent controls lose ATK equal to their original ATK. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.')
('Mad Sword Beast', 'If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.')
('Reflection of Endymion', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nEach time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; Special Summon both this card from your Pendulum Zone and 1 monster from your hand that you can place a Spell Counter on, and if you do, place 1 Spell Counter on each.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can only Special Summon "Reflection(s) of Endymion" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 card your opponent controls, and 1 card you control with a Spell Counter, except this card; return that opponent\'s card and your card to the hand, then place the same number of Spell Counters on this card that your returned card had. When this card with a Spell Counter is destroyed by battle: You can add 1 "Endymion" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Salamangreat Burning Shell', 'Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat" monster from your hand, but negate its effects, then, immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster using materials you control, including the Summoned monster. This turn, that Link Summoned monster cannot attack or activate its effects. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "Salamangreat Burning Shell" per turn.')
('Abyssal Kingshark', 'Once per turn, if this card would be destroyed by an effect that does not target it, it is not destroyed.')
('Space Mambo', 'A Space Mambo floating in the vast universe. This living relic was found in the ruins of a super civilization on Alphard 4.')
('Mind Wipe', 'Activate only if your opponent has 3 or less cards in their hand. Your opponent adds their hand to the Deck and shuffles it, then draws the same number of cards they added to the Deck.')
('Draculea Vampire', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: You target up to 2 monsters in your opponent\'s GY; Special Summon them to your field in Defense Position, but their effects are negated. When a monster effect is activated while a monster with the same name is in the GY (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation. If a monster(s) is Special Summoned from your opponent\'s GY: You can Tribute 2 monsters; Special Summon this card from your GY. You can only use each effect of "Draculea Vampire" once per turn.')
('Lord Poison', 'If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Lord Poison"; Special Summon that target.')
('Mystic Plasma Zone', 'Increase the ATK of all DARK monsters by 500 points and decreases their DEF by 400 points.')
('Blind Destruction', 'Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Roll a six-sided die. If the result is 1-5, destroy all monsters on the field with the same Level as the number rolled. If it is 6, destroy all Level 6 and higher monsters on the field.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Token", 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Koa\'ki Meiru Prototype".')
('Hieratic Seal of Convocation', 'Add 1 "Hieratic" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Golden Bamboo Sword', 'If you control a "Bamboo Sword" Equip Spell: Draw 2 cards.')
('Scrap Mind Reader', 'Once per turn, while this card is in your Graveyard during your Main Phase 2, you can select 1 face-up "Scrap" monster you control, except "Scrap Mind Reader". Destroy that monster and Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. If you do, remove this card from play when it is removed from the field. If this card is used as a Synchro Material Monster, all other Synchro Material Monsters must be "Scrap" monsters.')
('Crusadia Equimax', '2+ Effect Monsters, including a Link Monster\r\nGains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of all monsters this card points to. Monsters this card points to cannot attack. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 "Crusadia" or "World Legacy" monster this card points to, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn.')
('Draco Berserker of the Tenyi', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nWhen your opponent activates a monster\'s effect (Quick Effect): You can banish it. If this attacking card destroys an Effect Monster by battle and sends it to the GY: This card gains ATK equal to the destroyed monster\'s original ATK, also it can make a second attack on a monster during this Battle Phase. You can only use each effect of "Draco Berserker of the Tenyi" once per turn.')
('Elemental HERO Burstinatrix', 'A flame manipulator who was the first Elemental HERO woman. Her Burstfire burns away villainy.')
('Dark Renewal', 'When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s): Target 1 of those monsters and 1 Spellcaster monster you control; send both monsters to the GY, then you can Special Summon 1 DARK Spellcaster monster from your Deck or GY.')
('Archfiend Giant', 'If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by a card effect, you can pay 500 LP instead. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Archfiend" monster from your hand.')
('Boss Rush', 'You cannot Normal Summon or Set. During the End Phase of the turn that a "B.E.S." monster or a "Big Core" is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "B.E.S." monster or 1 "Big Core" from your Deck.')
('Cyberse Beacon', 'If you took damage by battle or an opponent\'s card effect this turn: Add 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Cyberse Beacon" per turn.')
('Predaplant Banksiogre', "You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 opponent's monster with a Predator Counter. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: Place 1 Predator Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls, and if you do, any of those monsters that are Level 2 or higher become Level 1 as long as they have a Predator Counter.")
('Souleater', 'A living wonder of mystery.')
('Avalanching Aussa', 'Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 EARTH monster (except this card) to Special Summon 1 EARTH monster from your hand. The monster Special Summoned by this effect is destroyed if "Avalanching Aussa" is removed from your side of the field.')
('Gizmek Uka, the Festive Fox of Fecundity', 'Each time your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s): Inflict 300 damage to them. You can only use each of the following effects of "Gizmek Uka, the Festive Fox of Fecundity" once per turn.\r\n● If a monster(s) is Special Summoned from the Main Deck (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\r\n● If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or Deck whose ATK equals its own DEF, with a same Attribute as that monster.')
('Kagemusha of the Blue Flame', "Serving as a double for the Ruler of the Blue Flame, he's a master swordsman that wields a fine blade.")
('Fog King', 'You can Tribute 1 monster, or no monsters, to Normal Summon (but not Set) this card. The ATK of this card becomes the combined original ATK of the Tributed monsters. Neither player can Tribute cards.')
('Photon Slasher', 'If a face-up Xyz Monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in face-up Defense Position.')
('Drill Bug', 'When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent\'s Life Points, you can select 1 "Parasite Paracide" card from your Deck, shuffle the Deck, and place "Parasite Paracide" on top of the Deck.')
('Mordschlag', "Equip only to a Normal Summoned/Set monster you control. It is unaffected by your opponent's activated effects of Special Summoned monsters. During damage calculation, if the equipped monster battles an opponent's Special Summoned monster: That opponent's monster loses ATK/DEF equal to the equipped monster's original ATK, during that damage calculation only.")
('Balancer Lord', 'Once per turn: You can pay 1000 LP; during your Main Phase this turn, you can Normal Summon 1 Cyberse monster, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) If this card is banished: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Balancer Lord" once per turn.')
("The World's Greatest Fisherman", "[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.]\r\n\r\nOnce per turn, you can pay 500 LP and discard 1 WATER monster, then add 1 WATER monster from your GY to your hand, with a different name and with a Level no more than twice the discarded monster's Level. If you do that, flip this card over.")
('Soaring Eagle Above the Searing Land', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon: You can Special Summon this card. You must have 3 or more "Laval" monsters with different names in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect. If this card is Special Summoned with this effect, banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Green Phantom King', 'This youthful king of the forests lives in a green world, abundant with trees and wildlife.')
('D/D Savant Nikola', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "D/D" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "D/D/D" monster, then target 1 Level 6 or lower "D/D" monster you control; it gains 2000 ATK and DEF until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card in the Pendulum Zone is destroyed: You can target 1 "D/D/D" monster you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, place up to 2 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monsters from your Extra Deck in your Pendulum Zones, but they cannot activate their Pendulum Effects this turn. You can only use this effect of "D/D Savant Nikola" once per turn.')
('Gnomaterial', 'If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) while you control no cards: You can discard this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; this turn, that monster cannot be Tributed, or used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summon. You can only use this effect of "Gnomaterial" once per turn.')
('Sylvan Mikorange', "When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: All Plant-Type monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK and DEF.")
('D.D. Trap Hole', 'When your opponent Sets exactly 1 monster (and no other cards): Target that Set monster and 1 monster you control; destroy those targets, and if you do, banish them.')
('Salamangreat Foxer', 'If you have 3 or more "Salamangreat" monsters in your GY: You can send this card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster in your GY and 1 card in your opponent\'s Spell & Trap Zone; return that targeted monster from your GY to the Extra Deck, and if you do, destroy the targeted card on the field. If a card(s) in your opponent\'s Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to the GY, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position. You can only use 1 "Salamangreat Foxer" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Dinomist Brachion', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated card effect that targets another "Dinomist" card(s) you control, then destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf you do not control "Dinomist Brachion" in your Monster Zone and your opponent controls a monster that has the highest ATK on the field (even if it\'s tied), you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Naturia Mantis', 'When your opponent Normal Summons a monster, you can send 1 "Naturia" monster from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy that monster.')
('Putrid Pudding Body Buddies', 'Cannot be used as a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon. While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed. During your End Phase: You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; destroy it, and if you do, give control of this card to your opponent. During each of your Standby Phases: Take 300 damage.')
('Ritual Beast Steeds', 'If you control a "Ritual Beast" monster: Destroy monsters on the field up to the number of "Ritual Beast" monsters you currently control.')
('Fusionist', '"Petit Angel" + "Mystical Sheep #2"')
('Face-Off', 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated during the Damage Step: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Evo-Price', 'Once per turn, if a monster is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Herald of Pure Light', '2 Level 2 monsters\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand, then shuffle 1 card from your hand into the Deck. You can only use the effect of "Herald of Pure Light" once per turn.')
('Hierophant of Prophecy', '2 Level 7 Spellcaster-Type monsters\n Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy Spell/Trap Card(s) your opponent controls, up to the number of "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your Graveyard.')
('Winged Kuriboh LV9', 'Activate only as Chain Link 3 or higher (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Spell Cards that have been activated are banished instead of being sent to the GY. The ATK/DEF of this card are each equal to the number of Spells in your opponent\'s GY x 500. You can only control 1 "Winged Kuriboh LV9".')
('Rokket Tracer', '(Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Rokket Tracer", also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters. You can only use this effect of "Rokket Tracer" once per turn.')
('Worm Solid', 'This card gains 100 DEF for each Reptile-Type "Worm" monster in your Graveyard. If your opponent takes Battle Damage from attacking this card, at the end of the Damage Step select 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls, and destroy it.')
('Mabarrel', "This cannon-like creature fires eyeballs so fast they can't be seen.")
('Evil Eye Mesmerism', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): Activate this card by targeting 1 of those Summoned monsters in Attack Position, with less ATK than an "Evil Eye" monster you control; take control of that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card. While "Evil Eye of Selene" is in your Spell & Trap Zone, that targeted monster is also treated as an "Evil Eye" monster. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Mesmerism" per turn.')
('D.D. Scout Plane', 'Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is currently banished, and was banished this turn: Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position.')
('Evo-Singularity', 'Target 1 "Evoltile" monster and 1 "Evolsaur" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Evolzar" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, and if you do, attach those monsters to it as Xyz Materials.')
('Call of the Mummy', 'Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Zombie monster from your hand. You must control no monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Supersonic Skull Flame', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 "Skull Flame" from your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each "Burning Skull Head" in your Graveyard. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Skull Flame" from your Graveyard.')
('Myutant Synthesis', '2 "Myutant" monsters with different Attributes\r\nIf this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can activate this effect; for the rest of this turn, this face-up card is unaffected by the effects of an opponent\'s cards of the same type (Monster, Spell, or Trap) as that card. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can add 1 of your banished "Myutant" cards to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Myutant Synthesis" once per turn.')
('Number 11: Big Eye', '2 Level 7 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of that monster. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated.')
('Double Snare', "Destroy 1 face-up card on the field that has an effect that negates Trap Cards' effects.")
('Wynn the Wind Channeler', '(This card is always treated as a "Charmer" card.)\r\nYou can discard this card and 1 other WIND monster; add 1 WIND monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand, except "Wynn the Wind Channeler", also you cannot activate monster effects for the rest of this turn, except WIND monsters. When a WIND monster you control is destroyed by battle while this card is in your hand: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Wynn the Wind Channeler" once per turn.')
('Hysteric Fairy', 'Tribute 2 monsters on your side of the field to increase your Life Points by 1000 points.')
('World Legacy - "World Lance"', 'Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack "World Legacy" monsters you control, except this one. You can only use each of the following effects of "World Legacy - "World Lance"" once per turn.\r\n● During damage calculation, if a Link Monster battles a monster (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; the opponent\'s battling monster loses 3000 ATK.\r\n● If a monster(s) is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: Special Summon 1 "World Legacy Token" (Machine/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to both players\' fields in Defense Position.')
('Rodenut', 'Each time your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), place 1 Nut Counter on this card. You can remove 1 Nut Counter from this card to target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Trias Hierarchia', 'During the Main Phase, if this card is in your hand or GY (Quick Effect): You can Tribute up to 3 Fairy monsters; Special Summon this card (but banish it when it leaves the field), then, you can apply the following effect(s) in sequence, depending on the number of Tributed monsters.\n● 2+: Destroy 1 card your opponent controls. ● 3: Draw 2 cards.\nYou can only use this effect of "Trias Hierarchia" once per turn.')
('Jellyfish', 'An almost invisible, semi-transparent jellyfish that drifts in the sea.')
('Gusto Egul', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower non-Tuner "Gusto" monster from your Deck.')
('Deep-Space Cruiser IX', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 other Machine-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard.')
('Contract with Don Thousand', 'When this card is activated: Both players lose 1000 LP, and if they do, each draws 1 card. All cards that are drawn while this card\'s effect is applied must remain revealed. While a player\'s Spell Card in their hand is revealed by this effect, that player cannot Normal Summon/Set monsters. You can only activate 1 "Contract with Don Thousand" per turn.')
('Witchcrafter Scroll', 'Once per turn, when your Spellcaster monster destroys a monster by battle: You can draw 1 card. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Witchcrafter Scroll" per turn, and only once that turn.\r\n● If a "Witchcrafter" monster you control would discard to activate an effect, you can send this card from your field to the GY instead.\r\n● During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can place this card face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone.')
('Crusadia Testament', 'Activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of your "Crusadia" monster effects this turn.\r\n● After damage calculation, if your "Crusadia" Link Monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: Draw cards equal to your monster\'s Link Rating.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Crusadia Testament" per turn.')
('Iron Hans', 'If this card is Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Iron Knight" from your Deck, also if "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is not in a Field Zone when this effect resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Iron Hans" once per turn. Gains 1000 ATK for each "Iron Knight" you control, while "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is in a Field Zone.')
('Shooting Riser Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY, whose Level is lower than this card\'s on the field, and if you do, reduce this card\'s Level by that monster\'s, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot activate the effects of monsters with the same name the sent monster had in the GY. You can only use this effect of "Shooting Riser Dragon" once per turn. Once per Chain, during your opponent\'s Main Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control.')
('Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy', "2 Level 8 monsters\nOnce per turn, when a Spell Card or effect is activated on the field (Quick Effect): You can negate that effect, and if you do, attach that card to this card as material. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 material from this card; change the attack target to this card and perform damage calculation. If a face-up Xyz Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; it gains ATK equal to 1 of those destroyed monster's original ATK.")
('Hyosube', 'This amphibian is strong on the attack, but leaves much to be desired when defending.')
("Fiend's Hand", 'Arms that reach out from the Swamp of Chaos to drag down the damned.')
('Zoodiac Boarbow', '5 Level 4 monsters\r\nOnce per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Zoodiac Boarbow" by using 1 "Zoodiac" monster you control with a different name as Xyz Material. (If you used an Xyz Monster, any Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of all "Zoodiac" monsters attached to it as Materials. This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent while it has 12 or more Xyz Materials: You can send as many cards as possible from your opponent\'s hand and field to the Graveyard, then change this card to Defense Position.')
('Golden Flying Fish', 'You can Tribute 1 other Fish-Type monster, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Inzektor Centipede', 'Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. If an Equip Card(s) is sent to your Graveyard while equipped to this card (except during the Damage Step): You can add 1 "Inzektor" card from your Deck to your hand. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster\'s Level is increased by 3.')
('Evil★Twin Present', 'If you control a "Kisikil" monster and a "Lilla" monster: Activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Target 1 "Kisikil" or "Lilla" monster you control and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; switch control of both monsters.\r\n● Target 1 Set Spell/Trap your opponent controls; shuffle it into the Deck.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Evil★Twin Present" per turn.')
('Hypnocorn', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, if your opponent controls a monster and you control no other monsters: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Bat', 'A mechanical bat that drops blasts from its wings.')
('Unbreakable Spirit', 'If you control only 1 face-up monster: Target that monster; until the end of this turn, it gains ATK equal to the ATK of the monster your opponent currently controls with the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied).')
('Mind Haxorz', "Pay 500 Life Points. Look at your opponent's hand and all Set cards on their side of the field.")
('Morphtronic Mix-up', 'If you control 2 or more face-up "Morphtronic" monsters, select 2 cards your opponent controls. Destroy 1 card of your opponent\'s choice from those 2.')
('The Grand Jupiter', "Once per turn: You can discard 2 cards, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip that face-up monster to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can target 1 Monster Card equipped to this card by this card's effect; Special Summon it to your field.")
('The Weather Painter Sun', 'If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell/Trap you control to the GY; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, and if you do, place 1 "The Weather" Spell/Trap from your hand face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use this effect of "The Weather Painter Sun" once per turn. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card\'s effect: You can Special Summon this banished card.')
('Mirror Force Launcher', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can discard 1 monster; add 1 "Mirror Force" from your Deck or GY to your hand. If this Set card is destroyed by your opponent\'s card effect and sent to your GY: You can Set this card from your GY and 1 "Mirror Force" from your hand, Deck, or GY. They can be activated this turn.')
('Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon', '3 Level 8 monsters\r\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz Monster you control as material, except "Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon". (Transfer its materials to this card.) Once per turn: You can target up to 2 Equip Cards equipped to this card; attach them to this card as material. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Bolt Escargot', 'After rendering an opponent immobile by spitting a sticky goo, this monster closes in for the attack.')
('Steel Ogre Grotto #2', 'A mechanized iron doll with tremendous strength.')
('Ancient Gear Explosive', 'Target 1 "Ancient Gear" monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its original ATK.')
('Morphtronic Slingen', '● While in Attack Position: Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 "Morphtronic" monster, except "Morphtronic Slingen", to destroy 1 card on the field.\n● While in Defense Position: If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another "Morphtronic" monster you control instead.')
('Dinowrestler Martial Anga', 'During damage calculation, when your "Dinowrestler" monster battles a monster with an equal or higher ATK (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand to the GY; your battling monster cannot be destroyed by that battle, also end the Battle Phase after the Damage Step. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there to activate this effect this turn, and your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can Special Summon this card.')
('Ancient Warriors - Deceptive Jia Wen', 'You can target 1 Continuous Spell/Trap you control; send it to the GY, and if you do, halve the ATK of 2 face-up monsters on the field, until the end of this turn. If a card(s) your opponent controls is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Ancient Warriors" card in your GY, except "Ancient Warriors - Deceptive Jia Wen"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Ancient Warriors - Deceptive Jia Wen" once per turn.')
('Destruction Jammer', "Discard 1 card. Negate the activation of a Spell Card, Trap Card, or Effect Monster's effect that destroys a monster(s) on the field, and destroy that card.")
("Raptor's Ultimate Mace", 'Equip only to a "Raidraptor" monster. It gains 1000 ATK. When the equipped monster is targeted for an attack by a monster whose ATK is higher than the equipped monster: You can add 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, you take no battle damage from that battle.')
('Yellow Gadget', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Green Gadget" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Mermail Abyssgaios', "2 Level 7 WATER monsters\nWhile this face-up card has Xyz Material, Level 5 or higher monsters cannot attack. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls that have less ATK than this card, until the end of the turn.")
('Fire Fortress atop Liang Peak', '(This card is always treated as a "Fire Formation" card.)\nEach time a "Fire Fist" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 1 Fire Fist Counter on this card. Once per turn: You can remove Fire Fist Counters from your field to activate 1 of these effects;\n● 2: If your Beast-Warrior monster attacks this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.\n● 6: Add 1 Beast-Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand.\n● 10: Special Summon 1 Beast-Warrior monster from your Deck or Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.')
('Miracle Fertilizer', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 Plant monster in your GY; Special Summon that target. You cannot Normal Summon/Set during the turn you Special Summon with this effect (even if this card leaves the field). If a monster Special Summoned by this effect leaves the field, destroy this card.')
('Whirlwind Weasel', 'FLIP: Your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards for the rest of this turn.')
('Steel Scorpion', 'A non Machine-Type Monster attacking "Steel Scorpion" will be destroyed at the End Phase of your opponent\'s 2nd turn after the attack.')
('Tokkosho of Ghost Destroying', "When the equipped monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can select up to 2 monsters in your opponent's Graveyard, and remove them from play.")
('Prophecy Destroyer', 'If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 3 "Spellbook" Spell Cards from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard.')
('Wind-Up Dog', "During your Main Phase: You can increase this card's Level by 2 and ATK by 600, until the End Phase. This effect can be used only once while this card is face-up on the field.")
('Mecha Phantom Beast Blackfalcon', 'When this card declares an attack: Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). This card\'s Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can Tribute 1 Token, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; change that target to face-up Defense Position.')
('Divine Dragon Apocralyph', 'Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Grasschopper', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect:\n● This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each.')
('Madolche Mewfeuille', 'When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into your Deck. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Madolche" monster from your hand.')
('Toon Harpie Lady', 'Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If you control "Toon World": You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then, if you control another Toon monster, you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls. You can only use this effect of "Toon Harpie Lady" once per turn. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack directly.')
('Doomking Balerdroch', 'During the Standby Phase, if a face-up card is in a Field Zone and this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Doomking Balerdroch" once per turn. Once per Chain, when a Zombie monster, except "Doomking Balerdroch", activates its effect (except during the Damage Step) (Quick Effect): You can apply 1 of these effects (but you cannot apply that same effect of "Doomking Balerdroch" again this turn).\n● Negate that effect. ● Banish 1 monster from the field or GY.')
('Stray Asmodian', 'When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by battle, both players gain 800 Life Points.')
('Raidraptor - Wise Strix', '2 DARK Winged Beast monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 DARK Winged Beast monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but negate its effects, also it cannot be used as Link Material. If your "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster\'s effect is activated: Set 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell directly from your Deck, and if it is a Quick-Play Spell, it can be activated this turn. You can only use each effect of "Raidraptor - Wise Strix" once per turn.')
('Kurivolt', 'You can target 1 Xyz Monster that has material; detach 1 material from it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Kurivolt" from your Deck. Cannot be used as Synchro Material.')
('Malevolent Mech - Goku En', 'You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Summoned this way: Send it to the GY, then take damage equal to its original ATK in the GY. This card must be the only Zombie monster on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Sasuke Samurai', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that face-down monster.')
('Blackwing Full Armor Master', '1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nUnaffected by other cards\' effects. Each time a monster your opponent controls activates its effect, place 1 Wedge Counter on that opponent\'s monster (max. 1) after that effect resolves. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls with a Wedge Counter; take control of it. Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can destroy all monsters on the field that have a Wedge Counter.')
('Watthydra', '1 "Watt" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Thunder-Type monsters\nThis card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, choose 1 card in your Deck and remove it from play. Add that card to your hand during your 2nd Standby Phase after activating this effect.')
('Armor Ninjitsu Art of Freezing', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack, if you control a "Ninja" monster: You can flip this card face-up; negate that attack and end the Battle Phase. While this card is face-up on the field and you control a "Ninja" monster, monsters your opponent controls cannot change their battle positions.')
('Mirror Master of the Ice Barrier', 'While you control another "Ice Barrier" monster, your opponent cannot Tribute Summon. You can only use each of the following effects of "Mirror Master of the Ice Barrier" once per turn. You can discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 "Ice Barrier" Tuner from your Deck, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WATER monsters. If you would activate an "Ice Barrier" monster\'s effect by sending a card(s) from the hand to the GY or discarding, you can banish this card from your GY instead of 1 of those cards.')
('Number 5: Doom Chimera Dragon', "2+ Level 5 monsters\r\nGains 1000 ATK for each material attached to it. This card with material can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can activate one of the following effects.\r\n● Target 1 monster in your GY; attach it to this card as material.\r\n● Target 1 card in your opponent's GY; place it on top of their Deck.")
('Trap of Darkness', 'If your LP is 3000 or less: Pay 1000 LP, then target 1 Normal Trap in your GY, except "Trap of Darkness"; this card\'s effect becomes that target\'s activated effect, then banish that target.')
('Darkblaze Dragon', "If this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard: Its ATK and DEF become double its original ATK and DEF. If this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK.")
('Number 66: Master Key Beetle', '2 Level 4 DARK monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card you control, except this card; while this card is face-up on the field, that card(s) cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed, you can send one of its targets to the Graveyard instead.')
('Mist Valley Executor', "When this card is Normal Summoned, return all face-up Spell and Trap Cards on the field to their owners' hands.")
('Dinomic Powerload', 'All "Dinomist" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK and DEF. If a "Dinomist" monster you control battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.')
('Mystery Shell Dragon', "Mysterious living matter that suddenly appeared from a different dimension. Its attack paralyzes the target's nerves, and causes intense hallucinations.")
('Weather Report', 'FLIP: Destroys all of your opponent\'s face-up "Swords of Revealing Light" on the field. If "Swords of Revealing Light" is destroyed, you can perform your Battle Phase twice this turn (or your next turn, if activated during your opponent\'s turn).')
('Barox', '"Frenzied Panda" + "Ryu-Kishin"')
('Anti-Magic Arrows', "At the start of the Battle Phase: For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, Spell/Trap Cards, and their effects, cannot be activated. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this card's activation.")
('Sky Striker Airspace - Area Zero', 'You can target 1 other card you control; excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if you do, you can add 1 excavated "Sky Striker" card to your hand, also shuffle the rest into the Deck, then, if you excavated a "Sky Striker" card, send the targeted card to the GY. If this card in the Field Zone is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Sky Striker Airspace - Area Zero" once per turn.')
('Toon Ancient Gear Golem', 'Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.')
("Stationary One-o'-Clock Linear Cannon", 'During the Battle Phase: Declare a number from 1 to 6; choose 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls that has a Level, and if its Level x the declared number + the number of cards your opponent currently controls equals the number of cards in your GY, send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY up to the declared number, and if you do, shuffle cards your opponent controls into the Deck up to the number of cards sent to the GY. Otherwise, you lose LP equal to the declared number x 500. You can only activate 1 "Stationary One-o\'-Clock Linear Cannon" per turn.')
('Evil Mind', 'If you control a Fiend monster: Activate 1 of these effects, based on the number of monsters in your opponent\'s GY;\n● 1+: Draw 1 card.\n● 4+: Add 1 "HERO" monster or 1 "Dark Fusion" from your Deck to your hand.\n● 10+: Add 1 "Polymerization" Spell or 1 "Fusion" Spell from your Deck to your hand.\nYou can only activate 1 "Evil Mind" per turn.')
('Gem-Knight Amber', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your hand to the Graveyard to target 1 of your banished monsters; add that target to your hand.')
('White Duston', 'The proudust of them all.')
('Archfiend Mirror', 'A wicked mirror that hypnotizes enemies, diverting attacks from their intended targets.')
('Supremacy Berry', "If your Life Points were lower than your opponent's when this card was activated, gain 2000 Life Points. If your Life Points were higher than your opponent's, you take 1000 damage.")
('Into the Darkness Below', '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.]\r\n\r\nActivate this Skill during your Main Phase. Once per turn, you can discard 1 Normal Fiend Monster, then use 1 of the following Skills.\r\n● Draw 1 card, also flip this card over.\r\n● If you have 4 or more Fiend Normal Monsters with different names in your GY, add 1 monster from your Deck to your hand, also flip this card over.')
('Battle Break', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Your opponent can reveal 1 monster in their hand to negate this card's effect, otherwise destroy the attacking monster, then end the Battle Phase.")
("Don Thousand's Throne", 'During each of your opponent\'s End Phases: Gain Life Points equal to the number of times you took battle damage this turn x 500. When a "Number" monster you control is targeted for an attack, except "Number C" monsters: You can send this card to the Graveyard; negate the attack, then Special Summon, from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" monster with the same number in its name as that "Number" monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) You can only control 1 "Don Thousand\'s Throne".')
('Melffy Tag', 'Target 1 "Melffy" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only activate 1 "Melffy Tag" per turn.')
('Transmigration Break', 'Any cards that would be returned to the Deck from the Graveyard are removed from play instead.')
('Digital Bug Websolder', 'Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of an Insect-Type monster. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control; change it to Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 3 Insect-Type monster from your hand in Defense Position. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.\n● If it is Xyz Summoned: The DEF of all face-up monsters your opponent controls become 0, also change them to Defense Position.')
('Kiseitai', "When your opponent's monster attacks this card in face-down Defense Position, this card becomes an Equip Spell Card equipped to the attacking monster (No damage calculation is conducted). During each of your opponent's Standby Phases, increase your Life Points by half of the ATK of the monster equipped with this card.")
('Borrel Supplier', 'During each Standby Phase, if you control a "Borrel" Link Monster: You can target 1 "Rokket" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Borrel Supplier" once per turn.')
('Battery Charger', 'Pay 500 Life Points. Special Summon 1 "Batteryman" monster from your Graveyard.')
('Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper', 'The first time this Special Summoned card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s End Phase: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower "Performapal" monster in your Graveyard; send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, add that monster to your hand. If a "Performapal" monster is sent from the hand to your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step), while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper" once per turn.')
('Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned with "Assault Mode Activate" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways except by its own effect. When a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. During the End Phase, if this effect was activated this turn (and was not negated): You can Special Summon this card from your GY. When this card on the field is destroyed: You can target 1 "Stardust Dragon" in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Creature Seizure', "Each player gives their opponent control of 1 of their monsters (controller's choice). You must choose a face-up Normal Monster.")
('Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle', 'When this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon as many "Crystal Beast" Monster Cards as possible from your Spell & Trap Zones. If this face-up card is destroyed in a Monster Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Spell, instead of sending it to the GY.')
('Tualatin', "If it is your opponent's Battle Phase, a monster you controlled at the start of this Battle Phase was just destroyed, and all monsters you controlled at the start of this Battle Phase (min. 2) have now been destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If Summoned this way: Choose an Attribute, and if you do, destroy all face-up monsters with that Attribute. Your opponent cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters with that Attribute.")
('Superalloy Beast Raptinus', '1 Gemini Monster + 1 Gemini Monster\nAll Gemini Monsters on the field are treated as Effect Monsters, and gain their effects.')
('Big Burn', "You can only activate this card when your opponent activates a card that targets a monster in the Graveyard. Remove from play all monsters in both players' Graveyards.")
('Inner Conflict', '[Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.]\r\n\r\nActivate this Skill during your Main Phase. Once per Duel, you can pay half your LP and take control of 1 monster your opponent controls until the End Phase, but it cannot attack directly this turn.')
('Radiant Spirit', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-LIGHT monsters.')
('Predaplant Chimerafflesia', '1 "Predaplant" monster + 1 DARK monster\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field with a Level less than or equal to this card\'s; banish it. When an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent\'s face-up monster: You can activate this effect; until the end of this turn, that opponent\'s monster loses 1000 ATK, and if it does, this card gains 1000 ATK. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Vampiric Koala', 'If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by battle with a monster: Gain LP equal to the battle damage inflicted.')
('Tiger Axe', 'A fast and powerful axe-wielding beast-warrior.')
('Magidog', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a Spellcaster-Type monster, you can select and add 1 Field Spell Card from your Graveyard to your hand.')
('The Dragon Dwelling in the Cave', 'A huge dragon dwelling in a cave. It is horrible when it gets angry, although it is usually quiet. It is said to preserve certain treasures.')
('Kozmo Forerunner', 'Cannot be targeted by an opponent\'s card effects. During your Standby Phase: Gain 1000 LP. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck.')
('Tytannial, Princess of Camellias', 'When a card or effect is activated that targets a card(s) on the field (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 face-up Plant monster; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Time Thief Redoer', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can attach the top card of your opponent\'s Deck to this card as material. (Quick Effect): You can detach up to 3 different types of materials from this card, then apply the following effect(s) depending on what was detached.\n● Monster: Banish this card until the End Phase. ● Spell: Draw 1 card.\n● Trap: Place 1 face-up card your opponent controls on the top of the Deck.\nYou can only use this effect of "Time Thief Redoer" once per turn.')
('Mono Synchron', 'When using this card as Synchro Material, the other Synchro Material(s) must be Level 4 or lower Warrior or Machine-Type monsters, and they are treated as Level 1.')
('Phantasm Spiral Grip', 'Equip only to a Normal Monster. It gains 500 ATK. When the equipped monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Phantasm Spiral Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and equip it with this card, then inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Phantasm Spiral Grip" once per turn.')
('Metalfoes Orichalc', '2 "Metalfoes" monsters\nIf a "Metalfoes" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict double piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.')
('Sylvan Hermitree', 'Once per turn: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, draw 1 card. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: Look at up to 3 cards from the top of your Deck, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order.')
('Ultimate Insect LV3', 'If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Ultimate Insect LV1", while it remains on the field all of your opponent\'s monsters lose 300 ATK. During your Standby Phase, by sending this face-up card to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Insect LV5" from your hand or Deck. (You cannot activate this effect the turn this card is Normal Summoned, Special Summoned, or flipped face-up.)')
('Bitron', "A new species found in electronic space. There's not much information on it.")
('Mystical Capture Chain', 'A mystical chain that binds enemies, rendering them immobile.')
('Zoroa, the Magistus of Flame', 'You can target 1 "Magistus" monster you control; equip it with 1 "Magistus" monster from your Extra Deck. If this card becomes equipped with a "Magistus" Monster Card: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 Spellcaster monster from your hand or GY in Defense Position, except "Zoroa, the Magistus of Flame", but its effects are negated. You can only use each effect of "Zoroa, the Magistus of Flame" once per turn.')
('Emperor of the Land and Sea', 'A reptilian monster that sprays fire in every direction.')
('Photon Sanctuary', 'Special Summon 2 "Photon Tokens" (Thunder-Type/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 2000/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot attack or be used as Synchro Material Monsters. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card, except for LIGHT monsters.')
('Edge Imp Tomahawk', 'You can send 1 "Edge Imp" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; inflict 800 damage to your opponent. You can send 1 "Edge Imp" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Edge Imp Tomahawk"; this card\'s name becomes the sent monster\'s name, until the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Edge Imp Tomahawk" once per turn.')
('Stone Statue of the Aztecs', 'Double any Battle Damage your opponent takes when they attack this monster.')
("Gladiator Beast's Respite", 'Shuffle 2 "Gladiator Beast" cards from your hand into the Deck, then draw 3 cards.')
("Battlin' Boxer Rabbit Puncher", 'At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.')
('Royal Knight of the Ice Barrier', 'When this card is Tribute Summoned, Special Summon 1 "Ice Coffin Token" (Aqua-Type/WATER/Level 1/ATK 1000/DEF 0) in Attack Position to your opponent\'s side of the field. This Token cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.')
('Super Rush Headlong', "Target 1 face-up monster you control and declare 1 Attribute; if that target battles an opponent's monster with that Attribute this turn, destroy that opponent's monster at the start of the Damage Step.")
("Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force", 'Target 1 Rank 4 Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to that target also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.)')
('Multiply', 'Tribute 1 face-up "Kuriboh"; Special Summon as many "Kuriboh Tokens" (Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK 300/DEF 200) as possible, in Defense Position. They cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.')
('Performapal Corn', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can target 1 other "Performapal" monster you control with 1000 or less ATK; change both it and this card, that you control, from face-up Attack Position to Defense Position, and if you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Deck to your hand. During your opponent\'s turn: You can banish 1 "Performapal" monster, except "Performapal Corn", and this card from your Graveyard; gain 500 LP (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Ghost Mourner & Moonlit Chill', 'If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) face-up (except during the Damage Step): You can discard this card, then target 1 of those face-up monsters; negate its effects until the end of this turn, also if that face-up monster leaves the field this turn, its controller takes damage equal to its original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Ghost Mourner & Moonlit Chill" once per turn.')
('Spirit of the Books', 'This wise spirit dwells in books, using its accumulated knowledge to defeat enemies.')
('Blast Held by a Tribute', "When an opponent's monster that was Tribute Summoned declares an attack: Destroy as many face-up Attack Position monsters they control as possible, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.")
('Qliphort Shell', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card\'s current Level. If this card is Normal Summoned by Tributing a "Qli" monster(s), it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, and if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Gagaga Magician', 'Once per turn: You can declare a Level from 1 to 8; this card becomes that Level until the End Phase. You can only control 1 "Gagaga Magician". This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.')
('The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil', "Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 300 ATK/DEF. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while this card is in your GY: Special Summon this card in Defense Position as a Normal Monster (Warrior/DARK/Level 4/ATK 0/DEF 300). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap.) If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field.")
('Odd-Eyes Meteorburst Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; Special Summon it, also this card cannot attack for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Meteorburst Dragon" once per turn. Monsters in your opponent\'s possession cannot activate their effects during the Battle Phase.')
('Fiend Scorpion', 'A huge scorpion inhabited by the soul of a fiend. Usually it holds back, but has untapped potential.')
('Rebuildeer', "When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 Cyberse monster with 1500 or less ATK in your GY; Special Summon it.")
('Danger!? Jackalope?', 'You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger!? Jackalope?", Special Summon 1 "Danger!? Jackalope?" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can Special Summon 1 "Danger!" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Danger!? Jackalope?". You can only use this effect of "Danger!? Jackalope?" once per turn.')
('Majespecter Crow - Yata', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Majespecter" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Majespecter Crow - Yata" once per turn. Cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects.')
('Firegrass', 'A fire-breathing plant found growing near volcanoes.')
('Performance Hurricane', 'Target cards your opponent controls, up to the number of "Performapal" monsters you control; return them to the hand. You can only activate 1 "Performance Hurricane" per turn.')
('Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon - Air Raid', '3 Level 6 Winged Beast monsters\r\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by discarding 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell and using a Rank 5 or lower "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) If this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if it was face-up, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK it had on the field. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon" from your Extra Deck, and if you do, attach this card to it as material.')
('The Six Shinobi', 'If you control 6 "Six Samurai" monsters with different Attributes: Skip your opponent\'s next turn.')
('Heavymetalfoes Electrumite', '2 Pendulum Monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your Extra Deck face-up. Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, then add 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand. If a card(s) in your Pendulum Zone leaves the field: Draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Heavymetalfoes Electrumite" once per turn.')
('Evening Twilight Knight', 'A "Black Luster Soldier" monster Ritual Summoned using this card gains these effects. You can only use this effect of "Evening Twilight Knight" once per turn.\r\n● Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it.\r\n● Once per turn: You can banish 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand face-down, until your opponent\'s next End Phase.\r\nIf this card is banished from your Graveyard: You can add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Evening Twilight Knight" once per turn.')
('Infinitrack Drag Shovel', 'You can Tribute 1 EARTH Machine monster; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can banish 1 Machine monster from your GY; add 1 "Spin Turn" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Drag Shovel" once per turn.')
('Invoked Augoeides', '"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 Fusion Monster\nIf this card is Special Summoned, or a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent\'s field: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Invoked Augoeides" once per turn. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Fusion Monster from your GY; this card gains ATK equal to that banished monster\'s ATK, until the end of your opponent\'s turn.')
('Kiryu', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this card on the field, you can equip it to your "Dark Blade" as an Equip Spell Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card\'s effect, increase the ATK/DEF of the equipped monster by 900 points, and you can Tribute this card to allow the equipped monster to attack your opponent\'s Life Points directly this turn. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)')
('Whiptail Crow', 'Attacks from the skies with a whip-like tail.')
('Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle', '2 Level 3 "Raidraptor" monsters\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK on the field. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle" once per turn.')
('Terrorking Archfiend', "This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned unless you have an Archfiend Monster Card on your side of the field. The controller of this card pays 800 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases (this is not optional). When this card is targeted by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, when resolving the effect, roll a six-sided die. If the result is 2 or 5, negate the effect and destroy the opponent's card. The effects of an Effect Monster that this card destroyed as a result of battle are negated.")
('Sea Serpent Warrior of Darkness', 'A warrior who defends the world of the Sea of Darkness. He prides himself on his fighting prowess both on the ground and, of course, in the water.')
('Non Aggression Area', 'You can only activate this card during your Standby Phase. Discard 1 card from your hand. Your opponent cannot Normal Summon, Set and/or Special Summon during his/her next turn.')
("Shinobird's Calling", 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Shinobaroness Peacock" or "Shinobaron Peacock". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field and/or banish Spirit monsters from your Graveyard, whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon.')
('Power Giant', "You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand to the Graveyard. If you do, decrease this card's Level by the Level of that monster. If this card attacks or is attacked, until the end of the Damage Step any effect damage you take becomes 0.")
('Machina Resavenger', '(Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 "Machina" monster you control; it gains 1200 ATK until the end of this turn. When your "Machina" monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Machina Resavenger" once per turn.')
('Naturia Beast', '1 EARTH Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner EARTH monsters \r\nWhen a Spell Card is activated (Quick Effect): You can send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Malfunction', 'Pay 500 Life Points. Negate the activation of a Trap Card and return it to its original position.')
('Final Countdown', 'Pay 2000 Life Points. After 20 turns have passed (counting the turn you activate this card as the 1st turn), you win the Duel.')
('Disarm', 'Return 1 "Gladiator Beast" card from your hand to the Deck, and negate the activation and effect of a Spell Card, and destroy it.')
('Exchange of the Spirit', 'If both players have 15 or more cards in their Graveyards: Pay 1000 LP; each player swaps the cards in their Graveyard with the cards in their Deck, then shuffles their Deck. You can only activate 1 "Exchange of the Spirit" per Duel.')
('Star Seraph Scepter', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Star Seraph" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Star Seraph Scepter". An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using 3 or more monsters, including this card on the field, as materials gains this effect.\r\n● When it is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 other card on the field; destroy it, and if you do, you can draw 1 card.')
('Transcicada', 'If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Moult Token" (Insect/EARTH/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). While the Token Special Summoned by this effect is on the field, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Insect monsters. You can only use this effect of "Transcicada" once per turn.')
('Minefield Eruption', 'Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each face-up "Mine Golem" on your side of the field. After that, destroy all face-up "Mine Golem"(s) on your side of the field.')
('Number 87: Queen of the Night', "3 Level 8 monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects.\n● Target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; while this card is face-up on the field, that Set card cannot be activated.\n● Target 1 Plant-Type monster on the field; change that target to face-down Defense Position.\n● Target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target gains 300 ATK.")
('Blade Rabbit', "When this card is changed from Attack Position to face-up Defense Position, destroy 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field.")
('Elemental Burst', "Tribute 1 each of WIND, WATER, FIRE, and EARTH monsters to activate this card. Destroy all cards on your opponent's side of the field.")
('Gishki Chain', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: Look at the top 3 cards of your Deck, you can reveal 1 Ritual Monster or 1 Ritual Spell Card among them and add it to your hand, also after that, place any remaining cards on the top of your Deck in any order.')
('Cross Breed', 'Banish 2 monsters from your hand and/or face-up field with the same original Type and Attribute, but different names; add 1 monster with the same original Type and Attribute as those monsters, but a different name, from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Cross Breed" per turn.')
('Burning Bamboo Sword', 'If you activate a "Bamboo Sword" card while this card is already face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone: You can skip your opponent\'s next Main Phase 1.')
('Number C40: Gimmick Puppet of Dark Strings', '3 Level 9 monsters\nWhen this card is Special Summoned: Destroy the monsters with String Counters, and if you do, draw 1 card, then inflict damage to your opponent equal to the highest original ATK among those destroyed monsters in the Graveyard (your choice, if tied). Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; place 1 String Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls.')
('Subterror Behemoth Speleogeist', 'FLIP: You can target 1 monster on the field; change it to face-up Attack Position if it is in Defense Position, also change its ATK to 0. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Speleogeist" once per turn.\r\nWhen a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.')
('Fusion Recycling Plant', 'Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck or GY to your hand. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can target 1 monster in your GY that was used as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon this turn; add it to your hand.')
('Plunder Patrollship Moerk', '2 Level 4 monsters\r\nYou can discard 1 "Plunder Patroll" card, then target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; banish it, then you can add 1 "Plunder Patroll" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. This is a Quick Effect if this card is equipped with a "Plunder Patroll" card. You can only use this effect of "Plunder Patrollship Moerk" once per turn. If a "Plunder Patroll" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can detach 1 material from this card instead.')
('Dungeon Worm', 'Hidden under the floors of a labyrinth, it swallows any who pass above.')
('Servants of the Fallen King', 'Once per turn, you can send 1 Level 3 or lower Zombie Normal Monster from your Deck to the GY. ')
('Elephant Statue of Disaster', "When this card is sent from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Inflict 2000 damage to your opponent.")
('Union Attack', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; add up the total ATK of all other face-up Attack Position monsters you currently control, then during the Battle Phase of this turn only, the monster gains that much ATK, but cannot inflict battle damage to your opponent, also other face-up Attack Position monsters cannot attack.')
('Performapal Dag Daggerman', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nDuring your Main Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can target 1 "Performapal" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Dag Daggerman" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nDuring your Main Phase, if this card was Pendulum Summoned this turn: You can send 1 "Performapal" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Dag Daggerman" once per turn.')
('Frightfur Daredevil', '1 "Edge Imp" monster + 1 "Fluffal" monster\r\nWhen this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent\'s card effect while its owner controls it: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each "Frightfur" monster in your Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Daredevil" once per turn.')
('Sky Striker Ace - Hayate', '1 non-WIND "Sky Striker Ace" monster\nYou can only Special Summon "Sky Striker Ace - Hayate(s)" once per turn. This card can attack directly. After damage calculation, if this card battled: You can send 1 "Sky Striker" card from your Deck to the GY.')
('Toon Page-Flip', 'If you control "Toon World": Reveal 3 Toon monsters with different names from your Deck, your opponent randomly picks 1 for you to Special Summon, ignoring its Summoning conditions, also shuffle the rest into your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Toon Page-Flip" per turn.')
('Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Mara', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dream Mirror" monster: You can Special Summon 1 "Dream Mirror" monster from your hand, except "Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Mara". During the Main or Battle Phase, if "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Sprite" from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Mara" once per turn.')
('Ally Salvo', 'When this card is destroyed by battle with a LIGHT monster and sent to the Graveyard, select 2 cards on the field and destroy them.')
('Magicians Unite', 'If you control 2 or more Attack Position Spellcaster monsters: Target 1 of them; its ATK becomes 3000 until the end of this turn, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, other Spellcaster monsters you control cannot attack.')
('Sagitta, Maverick Fur Hire', 'If this card is Special Summoned: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster "Fur Hire" you control with a different name, except "Sagitta, Maverick Fur Hire". You can only use this effect of "Sagitta, Maverick Fur Hire" once per turn. Your opponent cannot target monsters "Fur Hire" you control with card effects, except this one.')
('Dragunity Arma Mystletainn', 'You can Special Summon this card from your hand by sending 1 face-up "Dragunity" monster you control to the Graveyard. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned from the hand, you can select 1 Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster in your Graveyard, and equip it to this card.')
('Predaplant Sarraceniant', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. After damage calculation, if this card battled an opponent\'s monster: You can destroy that opponent\'s monster. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card on the field is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can add 1 "Predap" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Predaplant Sarraceniant". You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Sarraceniant" once per turn.')
('Skill Successor', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 400 ATK until the end of this turn. During your turn, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 face-up monster you control; that target gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Cocoon Party', 'Special Summon 1 "Chrysalis" monster from your Deck for each "Neo-Spacian" monster with a different name in your Graveyard.')
('Cobraman Sakuzy', "You can flip this card into face-down Defense Position once per turn during your Main Phase. When this card is flipped face-up, look at all Set Spell and Trap Cards on your opponent's side of the field and then return them to their original position.")
('Amazoness Swords Woman', 'Your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from battles involving this card instead.')
('Nekroz Kaleidoscope', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any number of "Nekroz" Ritual Monsters. Tribute 1 monster from your hand or field, or send 1 monster from your Extra Deck to the GY, also after that, Ritual Summon any number of "Nekroz" monsters whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of that monster. You can only use this effect of "Nekroz Kaleidoscope" once per turn. If you control no monsters: You can banish this card and 1 "Nekroz" monster from your GY; add 1 "Nekroz" Spell from your Deck to your hand.')
("Goddess Urd's Verdict", 'Your opponent cannot target "Valkyrie" monsters you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. Once per turn: You can declare 1 card name, then target 1 Set card your opponent controls; reveal the Set card, and if it was the declared card, banish it. Otherwise, banish 1 card you control.')
('Full House', 'Target 2 other face-up Spell/Trap Cards and 3 Set Spell/Trap Cards, on the field; destroy them.')
('Erica the Rikka Fairy', 'When an attack is declared involving another Plant monster you control: You can Tribute this card from your hand or face-up field; that monster you control gains 1000 ATK/DEF until the end of this turn. If a Plant monster(s) you control is Tributed, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Erica the Rikka Fairy" once per turn.')
('Fist of Fate', 'This card\'s activation and effect cannot be negated. If you control a monster whose original name is "Obelisk the Tormentor": Negate the effects of 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls, and if you do, destroy that card, and if you do that, for the rest of this turn, its effects are negated, as well as the activated effects and effects on the field of monsters with the same original name. Then, if this card was activated during your Main Phase, you can destroy all Spells and Traps your opponent controls. You can only activate 1 "Fist of Fate" per turn.')
('Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Horse Prince', '1 FIRE Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 FIRE monster from your Deck. After you Synchro Summon this card, you cannot Special Summon Level 5 or higher monsters for the rest of the turn.')
('Archlord Zerato', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 1 face-up "Warrior of Zera" on your side of the field while "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field. If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on your side of the field, by discarding 1 LIGHT Monster Card from your hand to the Graveyard, destroy all monsters on your opponent\'s side of the field. If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is not on your side of the field, this effect is not applied.')
('True King Lithosagym, the Disaster', 'If this card is in your hand: You can destroy 2 other monsters in your hand and/or face-up field, including an EARTH monster, and if you do, Special Summon this card, and if you do that, and both destroyed monsters were EARTH, you can also look at your opponent\'s Extra Deck and banish up to 3 monsters from it with different names. If this card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 non-EARTH Wyrm monster from your GY. You can only use each effect of "True King Lithosagym, the Disaster" once per turn.')
('D.D. Warrior', 'After damage calculation, when this card battles a monster: Banish that monster, also banish this card.')
('Shield Worm', "When this card is Summoned, it is changed to Defense Position. Then, send 1 card from the top of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard for each face-up Insect-Type monster you control.")
('Book of Eclipse', 'Change all face-up monsters on the field to face-down Defense Position. During the End Phase of this turn, change as many face-down Defense Position monsters your opponent controls as possible to face-up Defense Position, then your opponent draws cards equal to the number of monsters changed face-up by this effect.')
('Karma of the Destruction Swordsman', 'Target up to 3 monsters of the same Type in your opponent\'s Graveyard; banish them, and if you do, 1 "Buster Blader" monster or 1 "Destruction Sword" monster you control gains 500 ATK and DEF for each of those banished monsters, until the end of this turn. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can discard 1 "Destruction Sword" card; add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Karma of the Destruction Swordsman" once per turn.')
('Inzektor Sword - Zektkaliber', 'Equip only to an "Inzektor" monster. It gains 800 ATK and DEF. When this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 "Inzektor" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Anti-Fusion Device', 'Destroy 1 face-up Fusion Monster on the field.')
('Battle Fader', "When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then end the Battle Phase. If Summoned this way, banish it when it leaves the field.")
('Morphtronic Remoten', '● Once per turn, while in Attack Position: You can target 1 "Morphtronic" monster in your Graveyard; banish that target and add 1 "Morphtronic" monster with the same Level as the target from your Deck to your hand.\n● Once per turn, while in Defense Position: You can send 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your hand to the Graveyard and add 1 other "Morphtronic" monster with the same Level as that monster from your Graveyard to your hand.')
('Datacorn', 'If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Data Acorn Token" (Cyberse/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Datacorn" once per turn.')
('Dragon Revival Rhapsody', 'If you control a Spellcaster monster: You can target up to 2 Dragon monsters in your GY, including at least 1 Normal Monster; Special Summon them. Your opponent takes no damage this turn. You can only activate 1 "Dragon Revival Rhapsody" per turn.')
('Kairyu-Shin', 'A sea dragon known as the King of the Ocean, it attacks its enemies with huge tidal waves.')
('Vampire Dragon', 'When this Tribute Summoned card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Totem Bird', "2 Level 3 WIND monsters\nDuring either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card loses 300 ATK while it has no Xyz Materials.")
('Red Supernova Dragon', "3 Tuners + 1+ non-Tuner Synchro Monsters\r\nMust first be Synchro Summoned. Gains 500 ATK for each Tuner in your GY. Cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect, or when an opponent's monster declares an attack (Quick Effect): You can banish this card and all cards your opponent controls. Once per turn, during your next End Phase after this card was banished by its own effect: Special Summon this banished card.")
('Parallel eXceed', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of "Parallel eXceed", its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK/DEF become halved. You can only use each of the following effects of "Parallel eXceed" once per turn.\n● If you Link Summon: You can Special Summon this card from your hand to your zone that Link Monster points to.\n● If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Parallel eXceed" from your Deck.')
('Road Warrior', '"Road Synchron" + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Warrior or Machine-Type monster from your Deck.')
('Ghostrick Mary', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When you take damage: You can discard this card; Special Summon 1 "Ghostrick" monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Mary" once per turn.')
('Stardust Charge Warrior', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Stardust Charge Warrior" once per turn. This card can attack all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls, once each.')
('Crusadia Power', 'Target 1 "Crusadia" monster you control; that "Crusadia" monster is unaffected by card effects this turn, except its own. You can only activate 1 "Crusadia Power" per turn.')
('YZ-Tank Dragon', '"Y-Dragon Head" + "Z-Metal Tank"\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-down monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Oath of Companionship', 'If you control no monsters that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; take control of it until the End Phase. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this card.')
('Empty Machine', 'The first time this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, it is not destroyed. Once per turn, you can activate 1 of these effects.\n● Discard 1 Level 10 monster; draw 1 card.\n● If this is the only card in your Spell & Trap Zone: Target 1 "Timelord" monster in your GY; shuffle it into the Deck, then, you can Set 1 "Infinite Machine" directly from your hand or Deck.')
('Blaze Fenix, the Burning Bombardment Bird', '1 Machine-Type monster + 1 Pyro-Type monster\nOnce per turn, during your Main Phase: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card on the field. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.')
('Armityle the Chaos Phantasm', '"Uria, Lord of Searing Flames" + "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder" + "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms"\r\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be destroyed by battle. Gains 10,000 ATK during your turn only.')
('Giant Soldier of Steel', "2 Level 3 Rock-Type monsters\nThis card is unaffected by other monsters' effects. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; it gains 1000 DEF until the end of this turn, and if it does, you take no effect damage from your opponent's card effects this turn.")
('Trap Stun', 'Negate all other Trap effects on the field this turn.')
('Shattered Axe', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up monster on the field. During each of your Standby Phases: It loses 500 ATK. When that target is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('Unleash Your Power!', "All Gemini Monsters that were on your side of the field when this card was activated are treated as Effect Monsters, and gain their effect(s). During the End Phase of this turn, Set all monsters affected by this card's effect.")
('Constellar Aldebaran', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 "Constellar" monster from your hand.')
('Tri-Brigade Ferrijit the Barren Blossom', '2 Beast, Beast-Warrior, and/or Winged Beast monsters\r\nDuring your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster from your hand, also you cannot use monsters as Link Material for the rest of this turn, except Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monsters. If this card is sent to the GY: You can draw 1 card, then place 1 card from your hand on the bottom of the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Tri-Brigade Ferrijit the Barren Blossom" once per turn.')
('Spiritual Energy Settle Machine', "As long as this card remains face-up on the field, all Spirit monsters remain face-up on the field and do not return to their owners' hands during the End Phase even if they are Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. Discard 1 card from your hand during each of your End Phases. If you do not, destroy this card. When this card is removed from the field, all face-up Spirit monsters return to the owners' hands.")
('Odd-Eyes Arc Pendulum Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf an "Odd-Eyes" card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Arc Pendulum Dragon" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nMade from miracles, this valiant and beautiful dragon has gleaming eyes that reflect an arc drawn in the sky.')
('Deskbot 006', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Deskbot" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster on the field; change its battle position. This card gain 500 ATK for each face-up "Deskbot" monster in your Extra Deck. If this card in the Pendulum Zone is destroyed: You can target 1 "Deskbot" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Deskbot 006" once per turn.')
('Rabid Horseman', '"Battle Ox" + "Mystic Horseman"')
('Sprigguns Watch', 'Add 1 "Vast Desert Gold Golgonda" from your Deck to your hand, or, if "Vast Desert Gold Golgonda" is in your Field Zone, you can apply the following effect instead.\r\n● Add 1 "Sprigguns" monster from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, send 1 "Sprigguns" monster from your Deck to the GY.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Sprigguns Watch" per turn.')
('Blackland Fire Dragon', 'A dragon that dwells in the depths of darkness, its vulnerability lies in its poor eyesight.')
("King's Knight", 'When this card is Normal Summoned while you control "Queen\'s Knight": You can Special Summon 1 "Jack\'s Knight" from your Deck.')
('Spirit of the Pharaoh', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by the effect of "The First Sarcophagus". When this card is Special Summoned, you can Special Summon up to 4 Level 2 or lower Zombie-Type Normal Monsters from your Graveyard.')
('Tannhauser Gate', "Target 2 monsters you control of the same Type with 1000 or less ATK; both monsters' Levels become the combined Levels of those 2 monsters.")
('Tricky Spell 4', 'Send 1 face-up "The Tricky" you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon "Tricky Tokens" (Spellcaster-Type/WIND/Level 5/ATK 2000/DEF 1200) in Defense Position, equal to the number of monsters your opponent controls. "Tricky Tokens" cannot declare an attack.')
('Soul of Purity and Light', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 2 LIGHT monsters in your Graveyard. All monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK during their Battle Phase only.')
('Gamma the Magnet Warrior', 'Alpha, Beta, and Gamma meld as one to form a powerful monster.')
('Super Solar Nutrient', 'Activate this card by Tributing 1 Level 2 or lower Plant-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Plant-Type monster from your hand or Deck whose Level is less than or equal to the Level the Tributed monster had on the field +3. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.')
('Mech Bass', 'A mechanized bass with a large mouth and a cannon on its back. The cannon fires blinding plasma rays.')
('Centerfrog', 'Cannot be used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summon. If this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: Change it to Defense Position. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster in your opponent\'s Main Monster Zone; give your opponent control of this Defense Position card by moving it to their zone adjacent to the target, then if your opponent controls exactly 2 "Centerfrog" in the Main Monster Zone, gain control of all monsters in between those 2 cards.')
('Return of the Dragon Lords', 'Target 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon monster in your GY; Special Summon it. If a Dragon monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('Cards of the Red Stone', 'Send 1 Level 7 "Red-Eyes" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards, then you can send 1 Level 7 "Red-Eyes" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Cards of the Red Stone" per turn.')
('World Legacy Token', 'This card can be used as a "World Legacy Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Needle Ball', 'FLIP: You can pay 2000 Life Points to inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.')
('Armored Dragon Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Paladin of Armored Dragon". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 4 or more. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish monsters from your hand or face-up field whose total Levels equal 4 or more; banish this card from your GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Paladin of Armored Dragon" from your GY. You can only use this effect of "Armored Dragon Ritual" once per turn.')
('Blackwing - Auster the South Wind', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished Level 4 or lower "Blackwing" monsters; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can banish this card from the GY to activate 1 of the following effects;\n● Place Black Feather Counter(s) on 1 "Black-Winged Dragon" you control, equal to the number of card(s) your opponent controls.\n● Place 1 Wedge Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls that does not have one.')
('Gene-Warped Warwolf', 'This warwolf was given incalculable strength through horrific genetic manipulation. Its gentle nature was completely wiped out, and it now lives only to unleash destruction.')
('Heroic Champion - Excalibur', "2 Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; this card's ATK becomes double its original ATK until your opponent's next End Phase.")
('Doomkaiser Dragon', '"Plaguespreader Zombie" + 1 or more non-Tuner Zombie-Type monsters\nWhen this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Zombie-Type monster in your opponent\'s Graveyard; Special Summon that target to your side of the field in face-up Attack Position, but destroy it when this card leaves the field.')
('Z-Metal Tank', 'Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "X-Head Cannon" or "Y-Dragon Head" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card gains 600 ATK/DEF, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.')
('Crystal Promise', 'Target 1 "Crystal Beast" card in your Spell & Trap Card Zone; Special Summon that target.')
('Gouki Heel Ogre', '2 "Gouki" monsters\r\nOnce per turn, when a monster this card points to activates its effect (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then, you can Special Summon 1 "Gouki" monster from your GY, except "Gouki Heel Ogre".')
('Snowman Creator', 'When this card is Summoned: You can create a number of Ice Counters equal to the number of WATER monsters you control, place them on a face-up monster(s) your opponent controls, then, if you placed 3 or more Ice Counters by this effect, you can destroy 1 card your opponent controls.')
('Gauntlet Launcher', '2 Level 6 monsters\nYou can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Phantasos, the Dream Mirror Foe', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dream Mirror" monster: This card can attack directly this turn. During the Main or Battle Phase, if "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Phantasos, the Dream Mirror Friend" from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Phantasos, the Dream Mirror Foe" once per turn.')
('Jowls of Dark Demise', "FLIP: Take control of 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field until the end of the turn that this card's effect is activated. When the controlled monster attacks, it can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.")
('Red Dragon Archfiend', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nAfter damage calculation, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster your opponent controls: Destroy all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls. During your End Phase: Destroy all other monsters you control that did not declare an attack this turn. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Abyss Actor" monster, then target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; it gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the Tributed monster, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can make this card gain 300 ATK for each "Abyss Actor" monster you currently control, until the end of this turn. You can target 1 other "Abyss Actor" monster you control; it gains ATK equal to this card\'s current ATK, until the end of this turn. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian" once per turn.')
('Chu-Ske the Mouse Fighter', 'A fiery mouse, travelling the world to become the strongest fighter in the world of mice. Be careful not to touch him, or you will get burned.')
('Dark Mambele', 'If you control 3 or more DARK monsters: Target 1 face-up card on the field; banish that target.')
('A Man with Wdjat', "When you Normal Summon this card, and during each of your Standby Phases, select 1 Set card on your opponent's side of the field. Pick it up and look at it, then return it to its original position.")
('Morale Boost', 'Each time a player equips an Equip Spell Card, increase the Life Points of the controller of that Equip Spell Card by 1000 points. Each time an Equip Spell Card is removed from the field, the controller of that Equip Spell Card takes 1000 points of damage.')
('Ooguchi', "This monster may attack your opponent's Life Points directly.")
('Kalantosa, Mystical Beast of the Forest', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a Beast-Type monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Garbage Collector', 'You can target 1 other Cyberse monster you control that began the Duel in the Main Deck; return it to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon from your Deck 1 Cyberse monster with the same Level, but with a different name. You can only use this effect of "Garbage Collector" once per turn.')
('Agave Dragon', '2+ monsters, except Tokens\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can apply these effects in sequence, depending on the Types of monsters in the GYs (skip over any that do not apply). You can only use this effect of "Agave Dragon" once per turn.\n● Inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each Dragon.\n● This card gains 200 ATK for each Dinosaur.\n● All monsters your opponent currently controls lose 300 ATK for each Sea Serpent.\n● You gain 400 LP for each Wyrm.')
('Galaxy Worm', 'When this card is Normal Summoned while you control no other monsters: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Galaxy" Effect Monster from your Deck, but it has its effects negated.')
('Dragunity Javelin', 'If this face-up card is destroyed while in the Monster Card Zone, you can equip it to 1 face-up Winged Beast-Type "Dragunity" monster you control, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.')
('Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere', 'If you have 5 or more "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your Graveyard: Excavate the top 2 cards of your Deck, add any excavated "Spellbook" Spell Cards to your hand, also shuffle the other cards into the Deck. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere" per turn. You cannot activate any Spell Cards the turn you activate this card, except "Spellbook" Spell Cards.')
('D/D/D Super Doom King Dark Armageddon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if you have a "D/D" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can Special Summon 1 "D/D/D" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, except "D/D/D Super Doom King Dark Armageddon".\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n2 Level 8 "D/D/D" monsters\r\nCannot be Pendulum Summoned. When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can attach 1 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to this card as material. Pendulum Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target monsters your opponent controls, equal to the number of Pendulum Monsters you control; destroy them. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.')
('Smile Action', "When this card is activated: Each player can banish up to 5 Spells from their own GY, face-down. If a monster declares an attack: The attacked player activates this effect;\r\n● You (the attacked player) can randomly add 1 of your cards banished by this card's effect to your hand, then you can discard it and negate that attack, but if you do not discard that added card, any battle damage you take this turn is doubled (even if this card leaves the field).")
('Heraldic Beast Berners Falcon', 'When this card is Summoned: You can make all face-up Level 5 or higher monsters you currently control become Level 4.')
('Shining Draw', 'To activate this card, you must draw it for your normal draw in your Draw Phase, reveal it, and keep it revealed until the Main Phase 1. During your Main Phase 1 that same turn: You can target 1 "Utopia" Xyz Monster you control, then activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Equip any number of "ZW -" monsters with different names from your Deck/Extra Deck to it.\r\n● Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Utopia" Xyz Monster with a different name from that target, by using that target as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.)')
('Souls of the Forgotten', 'A wicked spirit created by the hateful souls of those who fell in battle. It grows by assimilating the souls of its enemies.')
('Sun Dragon Inti', '"Fire Ant Ascator" + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Destroy the monster that destroyed this card, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the ATK that monster had on the field. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the next turn after this card on the field was destroyed: You can target 1 "Moon Dragon Quilla" in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Amulet Dragon', '"Dark Magician" + 1 Dragon monster\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials or with "The Eye of Timaeus". If this card is Special Summoned: Target any number of Spells in any GY(s) (min.1); banish those targets, and if you do, this card gains 100 ATK for each card banished by this effect. If this card is destroyed: You can target 1 Spellcaster monster in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Qliphort Genius', "2 Machine monsters\r\nThis Link Summoned card is unaffected by Spell/Trap effects and the activated effects of other Link Monsters. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up card on each player's field, except this card; both those cards have their effects negated until the end of this turn. When 2 monsters are Special Summoned at the same time to the zones this card points to: You can add 1 Level 5 or higher Machine monster from your Deck to your hand.")
('Exhausting Spell', 'Remove all Spell Counters on both sides of the field.')
('Performapal Clay Breaker', 'If this Tribute Summoned card battles an opponent\'s monster, during damage calculation: You can make that opponent\'s monster lose 500 ATK for each face-up Pendulum Monster currently in your Extra Deck, until the end of this turn. When you Pendulum Summon 2 or more monsters at the same time while this card is in your GY: You can add this card from the GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Performapal Clay Breaker" once per turn.')
('Adamancipator Signs', 'Target 1 Rock monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, then, if you Special Summoned an "Adamancipator" monster by this effect, you can take 1 Level 4 or lower Rock monster from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.')
('Ring of Magnetism', "You can only equip this card to a monster on your side of the field. Decrease the ATK and DEF of a monster equipped with this card by 500 points. In addition, all the monsters on your opponent's side of the field can only attack the monster equipped with this card, if they attack.")
('Predaplant Moray Nepenthes', "This card gains 200 ATK for each Predator Counter on the field. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can equip that monster to this card. Once per turn: You can target 1 Monster Card equipped to this card by this card's effect; destroy it, and if you do, gain LP equal to its original ATK.")
('Black Magic Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Magician of Black Chaos". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 8 or more.')
('Naturia Eggplant', 'When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can select 1 "Naturia" monster in your Graveyard, except "Naturia Eggplant", and add it to your hand.')
('Elemental HERO Mariner', '"Elemental HERO Bubbleman" + "Elemental HERO Avian"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. While you have any face-down card(s) in your Spell & Trap Card Zones, this card can attack your opponent directly.')
('World Legacy Clash', 'Banish 1 face-up monster you control (until the End Phase), then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses ATK/DEF equal to the original ATK/DEF of that banished monster.')
('Cross-Dimensional Duel', 'Target 1 "Ancient Gear" monster you control; banish it. During the next Standby Phase, return that banished monster to the field, and if you do, its ATK becomes double its original ATK until the end of that turn. If 1 or more "Ancient Gear Golem" or "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound" you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('Lunalight Crimson Fox', 'If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0 until the end of this turn. When a card or effect is activated that targets a "Lunalight" monster(s) you control (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY; negate the activation, and if you do, each player gains 1000 LP.')
('Union Combination', 'Activate this Skill during your Main Phase. Once per turn, you can Fusion Summon 1 LIGHT Machine Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your GY or field as Fusion Material. For the rest of this turn, your opponent takes no damage.')
('Eldlixir of Scarlet Sanguine', 'Special Summon 1 Zombie monster from your Deck or GY, but if you control no "Eldlich" monsters, you can only Special Summon "Eldlich" monsters with this effect. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Zombie monsters. You can banish this card from your GY; Set 1 "Golden Land" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck. You can only use 1 "Eldlixir of Scarlet Sanguine" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Herald of Purple Light', 'When your opponent activates a Trap Card (Quick Effect): You can send this card and 1 other Fairy monster from your hand to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Karakuri Shogun mdl 00 "Burei"', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Machine-Type monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Karakuri" monster from your Deck. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field; change its battle position.')
('D.D. Dynamite', 'Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each of their removed from play cards.')
('Scrap Beast', 'If this face-up Defense Position card is targeted for an attack, at the end of the Battle Phase: Destroy this card. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, except "Scrap Beast"; add that target to your hand.')
('Raviel, Lord of Phantasms', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend-Type monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If your opponent Normal Summons a monster(s): Special Summon 1 "Phantasm Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 1000/DEF 1000) for each monster Summoned, but it cannot declare an attack. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 monster; this card gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the Tributed monster until the end of this turn.')
('Tenshin', 'This card gains 400 ATK for each face-up Level 2 monster you control.')
('B.E.S. Big Core MK-3', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Place 3 counters on this card. Cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: Remove 1 counter from this card. If you cannot, destroy it. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; shuffle all "B.E.S." monsters from your Graveyard into the Deck.')
('Salamangreat Balelynx', '1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Salamangreat Sanctuary" from your Deck to your hand. If a "Salamangreat" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Balelynx" once per turn.')
('Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon', 'Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster. During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there from the field this turn: You can add 1 "Blackwing" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon". You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon" once per turn.')
('Umbral Horror Ghoul', 'Once per turn: You can make this card\'s ATK 0, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Umbral Horror" monster with 0 ATK from your hand.')
('Cyberdark Impact!', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Cyberdark Dragon" from your Extra Deck, by returning 1 each of "Cyberdark Horn", "Cyberdark Edge", and "Cyberdark Keel" from your hand, GY, and/or anywhere on your field, to the Deck, as Fusion Material.')
('Swift Scarecrow', "When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; negate the attack, then end the Battle Phase.")
('Last Counter', 'When an attack is declared involving a "Battlin\' Boxer" monster you control and an opponent\'s monster: Negate the attack, and if you do, send that monster you control to the Graveyard, then 1 "Battlin\' Boxer" monster you control (in Attack Position, if you declared the attack) gains ATK equal to the original ATK of that opponent\'s monster, also proceed to damage calculation using those monsters. Then, you take damage equal to the amount of ATK gained from this effect.')
('Mid Shield Gardna', 'Once per turn, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position. Negate the activation of any Spell Card that targets this 1 face-down monster. At that time, flip this card into face-up Defense Position.')
('World Legacy Cliffhanger', 'When an attack is declared involving 2 Link Monsters: Shuffle all monsters on the field and in the GYs into the Decks. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, neither player can Link Summon.')
('Super Express Bullet Train', 'Cannot declare an attack unless you send 2 other cards you control to the GY. You can only use each of these effects of "Super Express Bullet Train" once per turn.\n● If all monsters you control are EARTH Machines (min. 1): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn: You can target 1 Machine monster in your GY, except "Super Express Bullet Train"; add it to your hand.')
('Hero Heart', 'Target 1 face-up "Elemental HERO" monster you control; halve its ATK until the end of this turn, but it can attack twice during this turn\'s Battle Phase.')
('Dinowrestler Coelasilat', 'If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If Summoned this way, this card cannot be used as Link Material, except for the Link Summon of a "Dinowrestler" monster. You can only Special Summon "Dinowrestler Coelasilat" once per Duel this way.')
("Viper's Rebirth", 'Activate only if all monsters in your Graveyard are Reptile-Type. Select 1 non-Tuner monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon it. Destroy it during the End Phase.')
('Corridor of Agony', 'Monsters that were Special Summoned from the Main Deck cannot activate their effects, their effects are negated, and they cannot declare an attack, as long as they remain face-up on the field.')
('Aquarium Stage', 'WATER monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle with a non-WATER monster. "Aquaactress" monsters you control are unaffected by your opponent\'s monster effects. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Aqua-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Aqua-Type monsters.')
('Chrysalis Pinny', 'You can Tribute this card while "Neo Space" is on the field to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss" from your hand or Deck.')
('Block Golem', 'If all the monsters in your Graveyard are EARTH: You can Tribute this card to target 2 Level 4 or lower Rock-Type monsters in your Graveyard, except "Block Golem"; Special Summon those targets, but their effects that activate on the field cannot be activated this turn.')
('Chrysalis Chicky', 'You can Tribute this card while "Neo Space" is on the field to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird" from your hand or Deck.')
('Nightmare Penguin', 'All face-up WATER monsters you control gain 200 ATK. When this card is flipped face-up: Target 1 card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.')
('Rocket Hand', 'Target 1 Attack Position monster you control with 800 or more ATK; equip this card to that target. It gains 800 ATK. You can send this equipped card to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it, then change the ATK of the monster this card was equipped to, to 0, also its battle position cannot be changed. You can only use 1 "Rocket Hand" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Over Capacity', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster: Banish all face-up Level 2 or lower monsters on the field.')
('Destiny HERO - Defender', "During each of your opponent's Standby Phases: Your opponent draws 1 card. This card must be in face-up Defense Position to activate and to resolve this effect.")
('Power of Kaishin', 'Equip only to an Aqua monster. It gains 300 ATK/DEF.')
('Covering Fire', "During the Damage Step, while an opponent's monster is attacking a monster you control: Target 1 other face-up monster you control; your attacked monster gains ATK equal to that target's ATK during the Damage Step only.")
('Where Arf Thou?', 'If you control a face-up Level 1 monster: Add 1 Level 1 monster from your Deck to your hand. During the End Phase of this turn, take 2000 damage if you did not Normal Summon the added monster, or a card with the same name, after activating this card.')
('Bug Emergency', 'Target 2 Level 3 Insect-Type monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them, but their effects are negated. You can banish this card and 1 Xyz Monster from your Graveyard; the Levels of all Level 3 Insect-Type monsters you currently control become equal to the banished monster\'s Rank until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Insect-Type monsters. You can only activate 1 "Bug Emergency" per turn.')
('Mezuki', 'You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Zombie monster in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Heroic Champion - Kusanagi', "3 Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn, when a Trap Card is activated: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then this card gains 500 ATK.")
('Gravity Behemoth', 'If it is not the first turn of the Duel and there are no cards on the field, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. You can destroy all Field Spell Cards on the field. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.')
('Nordic Beast Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Tanngrisnir of the Nordic Beasts".')
('Tongue Twister', 'If this card was Tribute Summoned, when it is sent from the field to the Graveyard, draw 2 cards and remove this card from play.')
('Red-Eyes Wyvern', 'During your End Phase, if you did not Normal Summon/Set a monster this turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Red-Eyes" monster from your Graveyard, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick".')
('Successor Soul', 'Tribute 1 Effect Monster, then target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; send it to the GY, then Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher Normal Monster from your hand or Deck. You can only activate 1 "Successor Soul" per turn. You can only attack with 1 monster during the turn you activate this card.')
('Beautiful Headhuntress', 'A vicious creature that has decapitated numerous enemy monsters.')
('Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can reduce the battle damage you take from an attack involving a Pendulum Monster you control to 0. During your End Phase: You can destroy this card, and if you do, add 1 Pendulum Monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each Pendulum Effect of "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card battles an opponent\'s monster, any battle damage this card inflicts to your opponent is doubled.')
('Infinitrack Fortress Megaclops', '3 Xyz Monsters\r\nUnaffected by other monsters\' effects, except those of Xyz Monsters. Cannot be destroyed by battle, except with an Xyz Monster. You can target 1 Xyz Monster in your GY and 1 card your opponent controls; Special Summon that monster from your GY, and if you do, attach that opponent\'s card to it as material, also for the rest of this turn, any damage your opponent takes is halved. You can only use this effect of "Infinitrack Fortress Megaclops" once per turn.')
('Shadowpriestess of Ohm', 'You can Tribute 1 face-up DARK monster you control to inflict 800 damage to your opponent.')
('Fluffal Mouse', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon up to 2 copies of "Fluffal Mouse" from your Deck. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except "Frightfur" monsters.')
('Trance the Magic Swordsman', "A peculiar magician with considerable abilities. Supposedly, he's just returned from a trip to outer space.")
('Jurrac Gallim', "When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Your opponent can discard 1 card to negate this card's effect, otherwise destroy the monster that destroyed this card.")
('The Fang of Critias', '(This card is also always treated as "Legendary Dragon Critias".)\r\nSend 1 Trap from your hand or field to the GY, that is listed on a Fusion Monster that can only be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias" (if that card is Set, reveal it), then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "The Fang of Critias" per turn.')
('Broken Blocker', 'Activate only when a Defense Position monster you control, whose DEF is higher than its ATK, is destroyed by battle. Special Summon up to 2 monsters with the same name as that monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position.')
('Inzektor Gauntlet', 'Target 1 face-up "Inzektor" monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 1000 DEF, and cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects.')
('T.G. Screw Serpent', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "T.G." monster in your GY, except "T.G. Screw Serpent"; Special Summon that monster, but its effects are negated. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "T.G." monster you control; increase or reduce its Level by 1 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "T.G. Screw Serpent" once per turn.')
('Twinheaded Beast', 'This card can attack twice during the same Battle Phase.')
('Gem-Turtle', 'FLIP: You can add 1 "Gem-Knight Fusion" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Umbral Soul', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-DARK monsters.')
('Unauthorized Reactivation', 'Target 1 Machine monster you control; equip 1 appropriate Machine Union monster from your hand or Deck to that monster, but the Union monster you equipped cannot be Special Summoned this turn. You can only activate 1 "Unauthorized Reactivation" per turn.')
('Silent Swordsman LV5', 'Unaffected by your opponent\'s Spell effects. During your next Standby Phase after this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Silent Swordsman LV7" from your hand or Deck.')
('Indomitable Fighter Lei Lei', "If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. This card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, except with a card effect.")
('Yellow-Bellied Oni', 'When you Xyz Summon a monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster you control, then target 1 face-up Xyz Monster on the field; reduce its Rank by 1, and if you do, it loses 300 ATK.')
('Sky Dragon', 'A flying dragon with four wings housing some very dangerous blades.')
('Arsenal Summoner', 'FLIP: Add 1 "Guardian" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Celtic Guardian", "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1", "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #2", "Guardian of the Labyrinth", or "The Reliable Guardian".')
('System Down', 'Pay 1000 LP; banish all Machine-Type monsters your opponent controls and in their Graveyard.')
('U.A. Midfielder', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Midfielder". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Midfielder" once per turn this way. During either player\'s turn: You can target 1 other "U.A." monster you control; return that face-up monster to the hand, then Special Summon 1 "U.A." monster from your hand with a different name from that monster. You can only use this effect of "U.A. Midfielder" once per turn.')
('Chiron the Mage', 'Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell Card, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('King of Yamimakai', 'Wields the power of darkness to destroy its enemies.')
('Gouki Headbatt', 'If this card is in your hand: You can send 1 other "Gouki" monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 "Gouki" monster you control; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, and if you do, the targeted monster gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Headbatt". You can only use each effect of "Gouki Headbatt" once per turn.')
('Gambler of Legend', "Once per turn, you can toss a coin 3 times and apply the appropriate effect: ● 3 Heads: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls. ● 2 Heads: Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand. ● 1 Head: Destroy 1 card you control. ● 3 Tails: Discard your entire hand.")
('Cynet Ritual', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any Cyberse Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If you control no monsters: You can banish this card and 1 Ritual Monster from the GY; Special Summon 2 "Cynet Tokens" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 0/DEF 0). You cannot activate this effect the turn this card is sent to the GY.')
('Chaos Form', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Chaos" or "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field and/or banish "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" or "Dark Magician" from your GY, whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the "Chaos" or "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon.')
('Star Light, Star Bright', "Target 1 face-up monster you control; all face-up monsters you currently control with an ATK or DEF equal to that monster's become the same Level as that monster, until the End Phase.")
('Bujinki Ahashima', '2 monsters with the same Level\r\nCannot be used as Link Material. You can only use each of the following effects of "Bujinki Ahashima" once per turn.\r\n● If this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 2 monsters with the same Level, 1 from your hand and 1 from your GY, but negate their effects, and immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 Xyz Monster using those 2 monsters only.\r\n● If an Xyz Monster this card points to activates an effect by detaching material(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Wattfox', "If this card is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect), your opponent cannot Special Summon a monster, or activate Spells, Traps, Spell/Trap effects, or Monster Card effects, for the rest of this turn.")
('Ally of Justice Cycle Reader', "During either player's turn: You can discard this card to the Graveyard, then target up to 2 LIGHT monsters in your opponent's Graveyard; banish those targets.")
('Mind Scan (Skill Card)', "[At the start of the 3rd turn, if your LP is 3000 or higher, activate this Skill (count both players' turns).]\r\n\r\nYou may look at your opponent's Set Spell & Trap Cards at anytime. If your LP drops below 3000, flip this card over. ")
('World of Prophecy', 'When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a Spellcaster-Type monster or a "Spellbook" Spell Card: You can target 2 "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand. You cannot Special Summon other monsters during the turn you activate this effect. When you add card(s) to your hand by this effect: You can reveal 4 "Spellbook" Spell Cards with different names in your hand; destroy all other cards on the field.')
('Dverg of the Nordic Alfar', 'After you Normal Summon this card, you can Normal Summon 1 "Nordic" monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) If this face-up card on the field is sent to the GY: Target 1 "Nordic Relic" card in your GY; add that target to your hand.')
('Rainbow Life', 'Discard 1 card. Until the end of this turn, whenever you would take damage you gain that amount of Life Points instead.')
('Ironhammer the Giant', 'If you control "D.D. Esper Star Sparrow", "Beast-Warrior Puma" and "Phoenix Beast Gairuda", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot change its battle position. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster you control; it can attack your opponent directly this turn.')
('Photon Vanisher', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while you control a "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster. Cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. You can only Special Summon "Photon Vanisher(s)" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" from your Deck to your hand. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as material gains this effect.\n● Banish any monster destroyed by battle with this card.')
('Earthbound Wave', 'When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card while you control a "Earthbound Immortal" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Superheavy Samurai Wagon', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can change its battle position. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. If you have no Spells/Traps in your GY: You can change this face-up Defense Position card you control to Attack Position, and if you do, add 1 "Superheavy Samurai Soul" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Wagon" once per turn.')
('Raidraptor - Tribute Lanius', 'During your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can send 1 "Raidraptor" card from your Deck to the Graveyard. During your Main Phase 2, if this card destroyed an opponent\'s monster by battle this turn: You can add 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Quick-Play Spell Card from your Deck to your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Raidraptor" monsters. You can only use each effect of "Raidraptor - Tribute Lanius" once per turn.')
('Balloon Lizard', 'Put 1 counter on this card during each of your Standby Phases. When this card is destroyed, inflict damage to the controller of the card that destroyed it equal to the number of counters X 400 points.')
('Number 18: Heraldry Patriarch', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per Chain, during either player\'s turn, if 2 or more monsters with the same name are on the field: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; choose 1 monster among those with the same name, and destroy all other monsters with that name. While this card remains face-up on the field, your opponent cannot Summon monsters with the same name as any of the monster(s) chosen for this card\'s effect. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can send 2 "Heraldic Beast" monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Golden Gearbox', 'Select 1 face-up "Karakuri" monster on the field. It gains 500 ATK and 1500 DEF, until the End Phase.')
('Dark Scorpion - Gorg the Strong', 'When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can activate 1 of these effects:\n● Target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the top of the Deck.\n● Send the top card of their Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Fusion Fright Waltz', 'Target 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster you control and 1 Fusion Monster your opponent controls; destroy as many other Special Summoned monsters on the field as possible, then each player that had a monster(s) destroyed by this effect takes damage equal to the combined current ATK of the targeted monster(s) on the field.')
('Darktellarknight Batlamyus', '2 Level 4 "tellarknight" monsters\nAll face-up monsters on the field become DARK. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and discard 1 card; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 LIGHT "tellarknight" Xyz Monster by using this face-up card you control as the Xyz Material, also you cannot Xyz Summon other monsters for the rest of this turn. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to this card also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) This effect can be activated during either player\'s turn, if you have 7 or more "tellarknight" monsters with different names in your Graveyard.')
('The Dark Door', 'Only 1 monster can attack during each Battle Phase.')
('Dimension Gate', "Activate this card by targeting 1 monster you control; banish that target face-up. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can send this face-up card on the field to the Graveyard. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon the monster banished by this card's effect.")
('Megistric Maginician', 'Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. During the End Phase: You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card, then target 1 of your banished Spells; add 1 card with the target\'s name from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Megistric Maginician" once per turn.')
('Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 monsters you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Toss a coin and gain the appropriate effect.\n● Heads: When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.\n● Tails: During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, that targets this card is activated: This card loses exactly 1000 ATK and you negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.")
('Armades, Keeper of Boundaries', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.')
('Black Brutdrago', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Gemini monsters\nOnce per turn, you can send 1 Gemini monster from your hand to the Graveyard to select and destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 Gemini monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it. The Special Summoned Gemini monster is treated as an Effect Monster, and gains its effect.')
('D - Shield', 'When an Attack Position "Destiny HERO" monster you control is targeted for an attack: Target it; change it to Defense Position and equip it with this card. The equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Ghostrick Warwolf', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: Inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each Set card on the field. You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Warwolf" once per turn.')
('Performapal Card Gardna', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up Defense Position monster you control; its DEF becomes the combined original DEF of all face-up Defense Position monsters you control (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nThis card gains DEF equal to the combined original DEF of all other "Performapal" monsters you control.')
('Valkyrie Brunhilde', 'Unaffected by your opponent\'s Spell effects. Gains 500 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can have this card lose exactly 1000 DEF, and if you do, your "Valkyrie" monsters cannot be destroyed by battle this turn.')
('Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu', 'There can only be 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card can attack your opponent directly. When this face-up card leaves the field, except by its own effect: Destroy as many face-up monsters your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, inflict 800 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.')
("Magician's Rod", 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand, that specifically lists the card "Dark Magician" in its text. During your opponent\'s turn, if you activate a Spell/Trap Card or effect while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Tribute 1 Spellcaster monster; add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Magician\'s Rod" once per turn.')
('Harpie Dancer', 'You can target 1 WIND monster you control; return it to the hand, then you can Normal Summon 1 WIND monster. You can only use this effect of "Harpie Dancer" once per turn. This card\'s name becomes "Harpie Lady" while on the field or in the GY.')
('Chaos Greed', 'You can only activate this card if 4 or more of your cards are currently removed from play and there are no cards in your Graveyard. Draw 2 cards from your Deck.')
('Twilight Ninja Kagen', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Ninja" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn, when your "Ninja" monster declares an attack: You can make that monster gain 1000 ATK until the end of the Damage Step (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Ninja" monster you control; it gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Elemental HERO Honest Neos', '(Quick Effect): You can discard this card, then target 1 "HERO" monster on the field; it gains 2500 ATK until the end of this turn. (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 "HERO" monster; this card gains ATK equal to the discarded monster\'s ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Elemental HERO Honest Neos" once per turn.')
('Meteorain', "During this turn, when your monsters attack with an ATK that is higher than the DEF of your opponent's Defense Position monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points.")
('Giant Axe Mummy', "You can flip this card into face-down Defense Position once per turn during your Main Phase. If the ATK of a monster on your opponent's side of the field that attacks this card in face-down Defense Position is lower than the DEF of this monster, the attacking monster is destroyed.")
('Locomotion R-Genex', '1 "Genex" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner DARK monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned, take control of the face-up monster your opponent controls with the highest Level. (If it\'s a tie, you get to choose.)')
('Needle Worm', "FLIP: Send the top 5 cards of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.")
('Sword Arm of Dragon', 'This Jurassic juggernaut has a spine covered in sword-like plates, and a tail to split open skulls.')
('Terrene Toothed Tsuchinoko', 'When this card is Special Summoned: Change all other Special Summoned monsters on the field to face-down Defense Position. You can only use the effect of "Terrene Toothed Tsuchinoko" once per turn.')
('Dragonmaid Changeover', 'Fusion Summon 1 Dragon Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. While this card is in your GY: You can target 1 "Dragonmaid" monster you control; add this card to your hand, and if you do, return that monster to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Dragonmaid Changeover" once per turn.')
('Evil HERO Infernal Sniper', '"Elemental HERO Clayman" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix"\nMust be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by Spell Cards. During each of your Standby Phases: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. This card must be in face-up Defense Position to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Blade Knight', 'Gains 400 ATK while you have 1 or less cards in your hand. If you control no other monsters, the effects of Flip monsters destroyed by battle with this card are negated.')
('Quick Charger', 'Add 2 Level 4 or lower "Batteryman" monsters from your Graveyard to your hand.')
('Cyber Esper', 'While this card is in face-up Attack Position, you can look at every card your opponent draws.')
('Nekroz of Unicore', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell. Must be Ritual Summoned. You can discard this card, then target 1 "Nekroz" card in your GY, except "Nekroz of Unicore"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Nekroz of Unicore" once per turn. Negate the effects of face-up monsters on the field that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck.')
('Proton Blast', "Once per turn, if an activated card effect tosses coins, immediately after it resolves, apply the following effect(s), depending on the number of heads.\r\n● 1+: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.\r\n● 2+: Destroy 1 card your opponent controls.\r\n● 3+: Look at your opponent's hand and discard 1 card from their hand.\r\nWhen an effect is activated that tosses a coin 2 or more times: You can banish this card from the GY; treat all results as heads.")
('Lightray Sorcerer', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) while 3 or more of your LIGHT monsters are banished, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 of your banished LIGHT monsters and 1 face-up monster on the field; shuffle the first target into the Deck, and if you do, banish the second target. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.')
('Mermail Abyssteus', 'You can discard 1 other WATER monster to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. When Summoned this way: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower "Mermail" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mermail Abyssteus" once per turn.')
('Timeater', "If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Your opponent skips their next Main Phase 1.")
('Gladiator Beast Secutor', 'If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, then at the end of any Battle Phase in which this card attacked or was attacked: Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Secutor".')
('Number 85: Crazy Box', '2 Level 4 monsters\nThis card cannot attack. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; roll a six-sided die and apply the result.\n1: Halve your Life Points. 2: Draw 1 card.\n3: Your opponent discards 1 card.\n4: Negate the effects of 1 face-up card on the field until the end of this turn.\n5: Destroy 1 card on the field. 6: Destroy this card.')
('Amazoness Trainee', "Monsters destroyed by battle with this card are returned to the bottom of the Deck instead of going to the GY. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: It gains 200 ATK.")
('Tainted Wisdom', 'If this Attack Position card is changed to face-up Defense Position: Shuffle your Deck.')
('Nightmare Horse', "This card can attack your opponent's Life Points directly even if there is a monster on your opponent's side of the field.")
('Minor Goblin Official', "You can only activate this card when your opponent's Life Points are 3000 or less. Inflict 500 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases.")
('Pendulum Paradox', 'Add 2 face-up Pendulum Monsters with the same Pendulum Scale, but different names, from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Pendulum Paradox" per turn.')
('Gamma The Electromagnet Warrior', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster from your hand, except "Gamma The Electromagnet Warrior". You can only use this effect of "Gamma The Electromagnet Warrior" once per turn. During your opponent\'s turn: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Magnet Warrior" monster from your Deck (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Dark Artist', 'If this card is being attacked by a LIGHT monster, its DEF is halved during damage calculation only.')
('King Fog', 'A fiend that dwells in a blinding curtain of smoke.')
('Madolche Messengelato', 'When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into the Deck. When this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Madolche" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You must control a face-up Beast-Type "Madolche" monster to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Gaia the Dragon Champion', '"Gaia The Fierce Knight" + "Curse of Dragon"')
('Fuh-Rin-Ka-Zan', "When there are face-up WIND, WATER, FIRE and EARTH monster(s) on the field: Apply 1 of these effects.\n● Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.\n● Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.\n● Discard 2 random cards from your opponent's hand.\n● Draw 2 cards.")
('Predaplant Drosophyllum Hydra', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand or GY) by Tributing 1 monster on either player\'s field with a Predator Counter. You can only Special Summon "Predaplant Drosophyllum Hydra" once per turn this way. If this card is on the field or in your GY (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 other "Predaplant" monster from your GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 500 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Drosophyllum Hydra" once per turn.')
('Rainbow Flower', "This monster may attack your opponent's Life Points directly.")
('Laval Volcano Handmaiden', 'When this card is sent to the Graveyard, if you have a "Laval" monster in your Graveyard other than "Laval Volcano Handmaiden": You can send 1 "Laval" monster from your Deck to your Graveyard.')
('Awakening of the Sacred Beasts', 'This card gains these effects based on the number of "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", and/or "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" with different names you control.\r\n● 1+: Each time your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s): Gain LP equal to the ATK of that monster(s).\r\n● 2+: Negate the activated effects of monsters your opponent controls.\r\n● 3: Any monsters sent to your opponent\'s GY are banished instead.\r\nOnce per your turn, if you control a Level 10 monster: You can add 1 Continuous Trap from your GY to your hand.')
('Ritual Buster', 'Activate only when a Ritual Monster is Ritual Summoned. Your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards or use their effects until your next Standby Phase.')
('Primathmech Laplacian', '3 Level 4 monsters / If a "Mathmech" card(s) you control would be destroyed by card effect, you can detach 1 material from this card instead. If this card is Xyz Summoned: You can detach up to 3 materials from it, then choose that many effects (you cannot choose the same effect twice, and you resolve them in the listed order, skipping any that were not chosen);\n● Send 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand to the GY. ● Send 1 monster your opponent controls to the GY. ● Send 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls to the GY.\nYou can only use this effect of "Primathmech Laplacian" once per turn.')
('Infernoble Knight Captain Oliver', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nWhen this card declares an attack while equipped: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can target 1 Warrior monster you control; Special Summon this card from your GY as a Tuner, and if you do, equip that monster you control to this card as an Equip Spell that gives it 500 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Infernoble Knight Captain Oliver" once per turn.')
('Ghostrick Break', 'When exactly 1 face-up "Ghostrick" monster you control (and no other cards) is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your Graveyard: Target 2 "Ghostrick" monsters in your Graveyard with different names from the destroyed monster; Special Summon them in face-down Defense Position.')
('Aqua Chorus', 'If there are monsters with the same name on the field, increase the ATK and DEF of all of those monsters with the same name by 500 points.')
('Zombie Necronize', 'If a Level 5 or higher Zombie monster is on the field: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase. During your Main Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can shuffle 1 of your banished Zombie monsters into the Deck, and if you do, Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use 1 "Zombie Necronize" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Axe Dragonute', 'If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.')
('Monstrous Bird', 'Few have set eyes on this dive-bombing bird and lived to tell the tale.')
('Crusadia Leonis', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon "Crusadia Leonis" once per turn this way. You can target 1 "Crusadia" Link Monster you control; if it attacks a Defense Position monster this turn, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Crusadia Leonis" once per turn.')
('Heroic Retribution Sword', 'Target 1 face-up "Heroic" monster you control; equip this card to that target. All Battle Damage you take from battles involving the equipped monster is also inflicted to your opponent. After damage calculation: Destroy any opponent\'s monster that battles the equipped monster.')
('Heavy Mech Support Platform', 'Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 Machine monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card gains 500 ATK/DEF, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.')
('Barbaroid, the Ultimate Battle Machine', '5 Machine-Type "roid" monsters\nThis card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. This card cannot attack your opponent directly. After damage calculation, if this card attacked an opponent\'s monster: Negate the effects of that monster (including in the Graveyard). If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.')
('Darklord Rebellion', 'Send 1 "Darklord" monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard; destroy 1 card on the field. You can only activate 1 "Darklord Rebellion" per turn.')
('Background Dragon', 'If this card is in the GY and you control no cards: You can Special Summon both this card, and 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster from your hand, in Defense Position, but banish this card when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Background Dragon" once per turn.')
('Artifact Durendal', '2 Level 5 monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player\'s turn, you can activate 1 of these effects.\n● When a monster effect is activated on the field OR when a Normal Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; the activated effect becomes "Destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls".\n● You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; each player with a hand shuffles their entire hand into the Deck, then draws the same number of cards they shuffled into the Deck.')
('Sylvan Waterslide', "Each time an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw: Excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, add it to your hand.")
('Hazy Glory', 'You can Normal Summon "Hazy Flame" monsters for 1 less Tribute. You can send this face-up card from the field to the Graveyard to target 1 "Hazy" card in your Graveyard, except "Hazy Glory"; add that target to your hand.')
('T.G. Warwolf', 'When a Level 4 or lower monster(s) is Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can add 1 "T.G." monster from your Deck to your hand, except "T.G. Warwolf".')
('Multiple Destruction', 'If both players have 3 or more cards in their hand: Each player places their entire hand on the bottom of the Deck in any order, also you lose LP equal to the total number of cards returned to the Deck by this effect x 300 (min. 1), then each player draws 5 cards. You can only activate 1 "Multiple Destruction" per turn.')
('Speed Recovery', 'Target 1 "Speedroid" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Speedroid" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.')
('Wingweaver', 'A six-winged fairy who prays for peace and hope.')
('Fushi No Tori', "This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to the owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn that this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, increase your Life Points by an amount equal to the Battle Damage.")
('Rescue Warrior', 'You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. If this card is destroyed by battle, select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that you own, and take control of it.')
('Infernoid Antra', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Infernoid" monster from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent\'s Graveyard; banish it (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Ruffian Railcar', 'Once per turn: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn: You can add 1 Level 10 EARTH Machine monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Ruffian Railcar" once per turn.')
('Nekroz of Trishula', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell. Must be Ritual Summoned, without using any Level 9 monsters. You can only use each of these effects of "Nekroz of Trishula" once per turn.\r\n● When a card or effect is activated that targets a "Nekroz" monster(s) you control (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; negate the activation.\r\n● When this card is Ritual Summoned, you can: Banish exactly 3 of your opponent\'s cards, 1 each from their hand, field, and GY. (The card in the hand is chosen at random.)')
('Link Restart', 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that would inflict damage to you: Negate the activation, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Link Monster from your GY.')
('Gizmek Kaku, the Supreme Shining Sky Stag', 'If a monster is in the Extra Monster Zone: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can target 1 face-up monster in the Extra Monster Zone; equip that face-up monster to this card (max. 1). When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 of your Monster Cards equipped to this card. You can only use each effect of "Gizmek Kaku, the Supreme Shining Sky Stag" once per turn.')
('White Rose Dragon', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Rose Dragon" monster from your hand or GY, except "White Rose Dragon". You can only use each of these effects of "White Rose Dragon" once per turn:\n● If you control a Dragon Tuner or Plant Tuner: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\n● If this card is sent to the GY as Synchro Material: You can send 1 Level 4 or higher Plant monster from your Deck to the GY.')
('Last Day of Witch', 'Destroy all face-up Spellcaster-Type monsters on the field.')
('Thought Ruler Archfiend', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Gain LP equal to that monster's original ATK in the Graveyard. During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated that targets exactly 1 Psychic-Type monster (and no other cards): You can pay 1000 LP; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.")
('Number 1: Numeron Gate Ekam', '3 Level 1 monsters\r\nCannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled an opponent\'s monster: You can detach 1 material from this card; double the ATK of all "Numeron" monsters you currently control, until the end of this turn.')
('Super Junior Confrontation', "Activate only when an opponent's monster declares an attack. Negate the battle, and 1 monster with the lowest ATK in face-up Attack Position your opponent controls battles against 1 monster with the lowest DEF in face-up Defense Position you control. After that battle, end the Battle Phase.")
('Heartfelt Appeal', "When you take battle damage from your opponent's direct attack: Take control of the 1 face-up monster your opponent controls with the highest DEF, until your next End Phase. (If it's a tie, you get to choose.) Its effects are negated, also it cannot declare an attack.")
('A.I. Shadow', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 "@Ignister" monster you control. That monster gains 800 ATK, also all monsters your opponent controls must attack that monster you control, if able. If this face-up card in its owner\'s Spell & Trap Zone has left the field because of an opponent\'s effect, and is now in the GY or banished: Draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "A.I. Shadow" once per turn.')
('Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 2 "Cubic" monsters you control to the Graveyard. If Summoned this way, this card gains 2000 ATK. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. When this card destroys a monster by battle: You can target up to 3 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" in your Graveyard; send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon them, then you can add 1 "Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Half or Nothing', "During your opponent's Battle Phase (except during the Damage Step): Your opponent chooses 1 of these effects.\n● Halve the ATK of all monsters they currently control, until the end of the Battle Phase.\n● End the Battle Phase.")
('Scrum Force', "While you control 2 or more face-up Defense Position monsters, your opponent cannot target Defense Position monsters you control with card effects, and they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. If this card would be destroyed by card effect, you can destroy 1 card in your Spell & Trap Zone instead.")
('Old Entity Cthugua', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: You can return all Rank 4 Xyz Monsters on the field to the Extra Deck. If you Fusion Summon using this card as Fusion Material: Draw 1 card. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.\r\n● If it is Xyz Summoned: Draw 1 card.')
('Galaxy Tyranno', 'When a "Galaxy" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. When Summoned this way, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 "Galaxy" Xyz Monster, using only "Galaxy" monsters you control.')
('Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Coyote', 'If you control a "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card, and no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Phantom of Chaos', "Your opponent takes no battle damage from attacks involving this card. Once per turn: You can target 1 Effect Monster in your GY; banish that target, and if you do, until the End Phase, this card's name and original ATK become that monster's name and original ATK, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. You must control this face-up card to activate and to resolve this effect.")
("Tuner's Scheme", "Activate only when a Synchro Monster is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field. Take control of that Synchro Monster. Remove it from play when it is destroyed. Destroy this card when that monster is removed from the field.")
('Uni-Song Tuning', 'Target 1 Tuner in either GY and 1 face-up monster on the field; banish that Tuner in the GY, then, until the end of this turn, the Level of the targeted monster on the field becomes the Level of the banished Tuner, also it is treated as a Tuner. You can only activate 1 "Uni-Song Tuning" per turn.')
('Silent Magician LV8', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Silent Magician LV4" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Unaffected by your opponent\'s Spell effects.')
('Ryu-Kishin Clown', 'When this card is Summoned (including Flip Summon and Special Summon), select 1 face-up monster on the field and change its battle position.')
('Jenis, Lightsworn Mender', 'During the End Phase, if a card(s) was sent from your Deck to the Graveyard by the effect of a "Lightsworn" card this turn: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent, and if you do, gain 500 LP.')
('Noble Knight Custennin', 'If you control a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Noble Knight Custennin" once per turn this way. A "Noble Knight" monster that was Synchro, Xyz or Link Summoned using this card on the field as material gains this effect.\r\n● If this card is Special Summoned: You can Normal Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set (you can only gain this effect once per turn), also, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Noble Knight" monsters.')
('Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand', "2 Level 8 monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; this turn, its effects are negated, but it is unaffected by other card effects.")
('Bujin Regalia - The Jewel', 'Target 1 Rank 4 Xyz Monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 300 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. Once per turn, while this card is equipped to a monster by this effect: You can attach 1 "Bujin" monster from your hand to the equipped monster as an Xyz Material.')
('Makyura the Destructor', 'If this card is sent from the Monster Zone to the GY: You can activate 1 Trap Card from your hand this turn. You can only use this effect of "Makyura the Destructor" once per turn.')
('Fabled Regicide', 'Target 1 "Fabled" monster in your GY and 1 face-up card on the field; discard 1 card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster from the GY, and if you do that, destroy that other card on the field. You can only activate 1 "Fabled Regicide" per turn.')
('Bownty', 'If your attacking monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: Target 1 card in your GY; add it to your hand, but for the rest of this turn you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same name as the added card had once it was in your hand. You can only activate 1 "Bownty" per turn.')
('Reprodocus', '2 monsters\r\nYou can activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Declare 1 Monster Type; all face-up monsters this card points to become that Type until the end of this turn.\r\n● Declare 1 Attribute; all face-up monsters this card points to become that Attribute until the end of this turn.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Reprodocus" once per turn.')
('Disc Fighter', "If this card attacks a Defense Position monster with DEF 2000 or more, destroy the monster with this card's effect without applying damage calculation.")
('Speedroid Block-n-Roll', 'If this card is sent to the GY as Synchro Material: You can Special Summon 1 "Speedroid Token" (Machine/WIND/ATK 0/DEF 0) with a Level equal to the original Level of the Synchro Monster that used this card as material. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Block-n-Roll" once per turn.')
('Dark Anthelion Dragon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; halve its original ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n2 Level 7 monsters\r\nIf you can Pendulum Summon Level 7, you can Pendulum Summon this face-up card in your Extra Deck. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the end of this turn, its ATK becomes half its current ATK, and if it does, this card gains that lost ATK. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.')
('Soul Devouring Bamboo Sword', 'Select 1 monster equipped with a "Bamboo Sword" Equip Spell Card. If it inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent while equipped with a "Bamboo Sword" card, they skip their next Draw Phase. Destroy this card during your second Standby Phase after activation.')
('Shadow Impulse', 'When a Synchro Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or by card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 of those Synchro Monsters; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Synchro Monster with the same Level and Type as that monster, but with a different name. You can only activate 1 "Shadow Impulse" per turn.')
('Spirit of the Winds', 'A free-spirited wind elemental that flits about as it desires. It brings storms when it becomes upset.')
('Iron Chain Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nYou can remove from play all "Iron Chain" monsters from your Graveyard to have this card gain 200 ATK for each card removed, until the End Phase. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, send the top 3 cards of your opponent\'s Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Dimension Fusion Destruction', 'Banish from your hand, field, and/or GY, the Fusion Materials that are listed on a "Phantasm" Fusion Monster, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You take no battle damage from attacks involving the monster Special Summoned by this effect. If you control "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", or "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms", your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this card\'s activation.')
('Time Thief Retrograde', 'When a Spell/Trap Card is activated while you control a "Time Thief" Xyz Monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, attach that card to a "Time Thief" Xyz Monster you control as material. You can only activate 1 "Time Thief Retrograde" per turn.')
("A.I.'s Ritual", 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any Cyberse Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute "@Ignister" monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If you control an "@Ignister" monster when this effect is activated, you can also use "@Ignister" monster(s) in your GY, by banishing them.')
('Twilight Eraser', 'If you control 2 or more "Lightsworn" monsters with the same Type but different names: Banish 2 "Lightsworn" monsters from your GY, then target 2 cards on the field; banish them. If this card is sent from the Deck to the GY by a "Lightsworn" monster\'s effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your hand.')
('Ego Boost', 'When a monster declares an attack: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.')
('Suanni, Fire of the Yang Zing', 'When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Suanni, Fire of the Yang Zing". You can only use this effect of "Suanni, Fire of the Yang Zing" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s Main Phase or Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only "Yang Zing" monsters you control (this is a Quick Effect). A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material gains 500 ATK and DEF.')
('Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Cubic" card from your Deck to the Graveyard. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, if a monster was sent to your Graveyard this turn while this card was face-up on the field: You can make this card gain 200 ATK for each monster with a different name in your Graveyard, until the end of this turn.')
('Fungi of the Musk', 'Melts away anything that dares to stand before it.')
('Charm of Shabti', 'During either player\'s turn: You can discard this card; until the End Phase, "Gravekeeper\'s" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Rose Spectre of Dunn', '"Feral Imp" + "Snakeyashi"')
('Defrag Dragon', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 other monster from your hand to the GY. You can only Special Summon "Defrag Dragon" once per turn this way. If this card is in the GY: You can banish 3 monsters from your GY with the same name, except "Defrag Dragon"; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Defrag Dragon" once per turn.')
('Paladin of Dark Dragon', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Dark Dragon Ritual". At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Red-Eyes" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick". You can only use this effect of "Paladin of Dark Dragon" once per turn.')
('Speedlift', 'If you control exactly 1 Tuner and no other monsters: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Speedroid" monster from your Deck. Neither player can activate cards or effects when that monster is Special Summoned. ')
('The Wicked Worm Beast', "This face-up card on the field is returned to the owner's hand during the End Phase of your turn.")
('Key Mace', "Enemies' hearts will melt at the sight of this small fairy's cuteness.")
('The Big Cattle Drive', 'If you control a Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast-Type monster: Draw 1 card for each of those Monster Types you control. You cannot activate other Spell/Trap Cards or effects during the turn you activate this card.')
('PSY-Frame Circuit', 'If a "PSY-Frame" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field (except during the Damage Step), you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only "PSY-Frame" monsters you control. At the start of the Damage Step, if a "PSY-Frame" monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster: You can discard 1 "PSY-Frame" monster; your battling monster gains ATK equal to the discarded monster\'s ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Summon Dice', 'Pay 1000 LP; roll a six-sided die and apply the result.\n● 1 or 2: Immediately after this effect resolves, you can Normal Summon 1 monster.\n● 3 or 4: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your GY.\n● 5 or 6: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher monster from your hand.\nYou can only activate 1 "Summon Dice" per turn.')
('True Exodia', 'If the only monsters on the field are this card you control and 4 "Forbidden One" Normal Monsters with different names, your opponent wins the Duel.')
('Renge, Gatekeeper of Dark World', 'His renowned athletic physique has made him famous with the populace of Dark World. They call him "Iron Wall Renge" because no one can break through his incredible defenses.')
('Rockstone Warrior', 'You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. When this attacking card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon 2 "Rockstone Tokens" (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.')
('Joyous Melffys', '2+ Level 2 Beast monsters\r\nYou can detach 1 material from this card; your "Melffy" monsters can attack directly this turn. During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Beast Xyz Monster you control; return that monster to the Extra Deck, then you can Special Summon Level 2 or lower Beast monsters from your GY, up to the number of materials that monster had. You can only use this effect of "Joyous Melffys" once per turn.')
('Goblin Out of the Frying Pan', "Pay 500 Life Points. Negate the activation of a Spell Card and return it to the owner's hand.")
('Ancient Elf', 'This elf is rumored to have lived for thousands of years. He leads an army of spirits against his enemies.')
('Desert Sunlight', 'All monsters on your side of the field are changed to face-up Defense Position.')
('Crystal Bond', 'Add 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck to your hand, and place 1 "Crystal Beast" monster with a different name from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Spell. You can only activate 1 "Crystal Bond" per turn.')
('Hieratic Seal of the Dragon King', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Hieratic" monster, except "Hieratic Seal of the Dragon King", from your hand, Deck or Graveyard, in face-up Defense Position.')
('Parasite Paracide', "FLIP: Put this card face-up in your opponent's Deck and shuffle it. When your opponent draws this card, it is Special Summoned to their side of the field in face-up Defense Position, and inflicts 1000 damage to them. Then, while this card is face-up on the field, all monsters your opponent controls become Insect-Type monsters.")
('Darklord Asmodeus', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck or Graveyard. Once per turn: You can send 1 Fairy-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. If this card you control is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Asmo Token" (Fairy-Type/DARK/Level 5/ATK 1800/DEF 1300) and 1 "Deus Token" (Fairy-Type/DARK/Level 3/ATK 1200/DEF 1200). "Asmo Token" cannot be destroyed by card effects. "Deus Token" cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Number 74: Master of Blades', "2 Level 7 monsters\nDuring either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets this face-up card: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can destroy 1 card on the field.")
('Rainbow Marine Mermaid', 'A reticent mermaid who appears only on very rare occasions. She emerges only when a large rainbow arches across the sky.')
('Truckroid', "When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Equip the destroyed monster to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect.")
('X-Saber Urbellum', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent while they have 4 or more cards in their hand, place 1 random card from their hand on top of their Deck.')
('Performapal Swincobra', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when a monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can send the top card of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nThis card can attack your opponent directly. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase.")
('Vennu, Bright Bird of Divinity', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Primal Cry". Once per turn: You can reveal 1 monster in your hand, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target\'s Level becomes equal to the Level the revealed monster had, until the end of this turn. Once per turn, if another monster is Tributed from your hand or field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.')
('Card Destruction', 'Both players discard as many cards as possible from their hands, then each player draws the same number of cards they discarded.')
('Rose Princess', 'If only your opponent controls a monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand), and if you do, it is treated as a Tuner. You can only Special Summon "Rose Princess" once per turn this way. You can discard this card; add 1 "White Rose Cloister" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Messenger of Peace', 'Monsters with 1500 or more ATK cannot declare an attack. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, pay 100 LP or destroy this card.')
('Cyber Angel Izana', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can make your opponent send 1 Spell/Trap they control to the GY. When this attacking card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the GY: You can activate this effect; this card can make a second attack on an opponent\'s monster in a row. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster you control (Quick Effect): You can shuffle 1 Ritual Monster from your GY into the Deck, and if you do, destroy 1 card your opponent controls.')
('Genex Searcher', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Genex" monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck in face-up Attack Position.')
('Red Medicine', 'Increase your Life Points by 500 points.')
('Millennium Scorpion', "Each time this card destroys 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, this card gains 500 ATK.")
('Altergeist Hexstia', '2 "Altergeist" monsters\r\nGains ATK equal to the original ATK of each "Altergeist" monster it points to. When a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 "Altergeist" monster this card points to; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Altergeist" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Hexstia" once per turn.')
('Royal Decree', 'Negate all other Trap effects on the field.')
('Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Yubel - Terror Incarnate", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. At the end of the Damage Step, if this face-up Attack Position card battles an opponent\'s monster: Inflict damage equal to that monster\'s ATK to your opponent, also destroy that monster.')
('Puny Penguin', 'When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard after being flipped face-up: Target 1 "Penguin" monster in your Graveyard, except "Puny Penguin"; Special Summon that target in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position.')
('Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall', 'If you control a "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall" once per turn this way. If this card is sent to the GY as a Synchro Material: You can target 1 monster on the field; change that target\'s battle position.')
('Cosmo Brain', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned by sending 1 non-Effect Monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY. This card gains ATK equal to the Level of the monster sent to the GY this way x 200. You can Tribute 1 Effect Monster; Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Cosmo Brain" once per turn.')
('Risebell the Summoner', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; increase its Level by 1 (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Flavor Text ]\r\nA kindly elder brother, Risebell takes good care of his little sister Saambell. He reads a Magical Book with his sister each early-afternoon, a harmonious routine that brings a smile to everyone.')
('Reinforced Space', 'Each face-up Xyz Monster you control gains 300 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it, until the End Phase.')
('Shinobaroness Peacock', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Shinobird\'s Calling". Must be Ritual Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can shuffle up to 3 Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls into the Deck, then you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Spirit monster from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 2 "Shinobird Tokens" (Winged Beast-Type/WIND/Level 4/ATK 1500/DEF 1500).')
('Number C102: Archfiend Seraph', '4 Level 5 LIGHT monsters\nIf this face-up card would be destroyed, you can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card instead. If the last Xyz Material(s) is detached from this card: Inflict 1500 damage to your opponent. If this card has "Number 102: Star Seraph Sentry" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target\'s ATK to 0, and if you do, negate its effects.')
('Danger! Mothman!', 'You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger! Mothman!", Special Summon 1 "Danger! Mothman!" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can have both players draw 1 card, then both players discard 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Danger! Mothman!" once per turn.')
('Skull Knight', '"Tainted Wisdom" + "Ancient Brain"')
('Cynet Universe', 'All Link Monsters you control gain 300 ATK. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster in the GY; shuffle it into the Deck. If this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: Send all monsters in the Extra Monster Zones to the GY.')
('Gotterdammerung', 'Target 1 "Aesir" monster you control; give control of that monster to your opponent. During your opponent\'s next End Phase, destroy that monster, and if you do, banish all cards your opponent controls.')
('Hardened Armed Dragon', '(This card is not treated as an "Armed Dragon" card.)\r\nYou can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 Level 8 or higher monster from your hand to the Graveyard. If you Tribute this card for the Tribute Summon of a Level 7 or higher monster, that monster cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Cluster Congester', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned and you control no Link Monsters: You can Special Summon 1 "Congester Token" (Cyberse/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Cluster Congester" once per turn. Once per Battle Step, if a Link Monster you control is attacked (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY and that Link Monster; Special Summon "Congester Tokens", up to the number of Link Monsters your opponent controls.')
('U.A. Turnover Tactics', 'If you control 2 or more "U.A." monsters with different names: Shuffle as many monsters on the field as possible into the Deck, then Special Summon "U.A." monsters from your Deck that have different names from each other, up to the number of cards shuffled into your Main Deck, but those monsters cannot attack this turn. Then your opponent can Special Summon monsters from their Deck, up to the number of cards shuffled into their Main Deck. You can only activate 1 "U.A. Turnover Tactics" per turn.')
('Tellus the Little Angel', 'If this card is sent from the Monster Zone to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Tellus Wing Token" (Fairy/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). If you control "Tellus Wing Token": You can banish this card from your GY and 1 Spell from your hand; Special Summon 2 "Tellus Wing Tokens", also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except from the hand. You can only use each effect of "Tellus the Little Angel" once per turn.')
('Flame Viper', 'A fire-breathing snake whose speed makes it a difficult target.')
('Brron, Mad King of Dark World', 'When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can discard 1 card.')
('Comics Hero King Arthur', '2 Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters\nIf this card would be destroyed by battle, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead. When you do: It gains 500 ATK, and if it does, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Parasitic Ticky', 'The ATK and DEF of this card are each equal to the number of tokens on the field x 500.')
('Relinquished Anima', '1 Level 1 monster, except a Token\r\nYou can target 1 face-up monster this card points to; equip that face-up monster to this card (max. 1). You can only use this effect of "Relinquished Anima" once per turn. This card gains ATK equal to that equipped monster\'s.')
('Roulette Barrel', 'Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die twice, choose 1 result, and destroy 1 monster on the field whose Level is equal to that result.')
('Gyroid', 'Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('After The Struggle', 'This card can only be activated during Main Phase 1. All monsters on both sides of the field that have been involved in damage calculation are destroyed during the End Step of the turn.')
('A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon', 'Return 1 Level 5 or higher Dragon-Type monster you control to the hand, and if you do, destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.')
('Dark Resonator', 'The first time this card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed.')
('Shield Wing', 'Twice per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.')
("Shien's Dojo", 'Each time a "Six Samurai" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 1 Bushido Counter on this card. You can send this card to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Six Samurai" or "Shien" Effect Monster from your Main Deck, whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Bushido Counters on this card.')
('Clashing Souls', "During damage calculation, if your Attack Position monster battles an opponent's Attack Position monster with higher ATK: The controller of the battling monster with lower ATK can pay 500 LP for that monster to gain 500 ATK during damage calculation only, then keep repeating this effect until a player chooses not to pay LP. Neither player takes any battle damage from that battle, also, after damage calculation, if any player's monster would be destroyed by that battle, send all cards that player controls to the Graveyard instead.")
('Ulevo', "This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card must be Tribute Summoned by offering 3 Winged Beast-Type monsters on your side of the field as Tributes. If this card attacks your opponent's Life Points directly and makes them 0, the controller of this card wins the Match. ")
('D/D/D Doom King Armageddon', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 "D/D" monster you control; it gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, if a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 of those monsters; this card gains ATK equal to that monster\'s original ATK until the end of this turn. This card cannot attack your opponent directly during the turn this effect is activated. Cannot be destroyed by Spell/Trap effects that do not target this card.')
('Toon Goblin Attack Force', 'This card cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon Monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase, and its battle position cannot be changed until the End Phase of your next turn.')
('Saambell the Summoner', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand with the same Level as this card. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Mystic Mine', 'If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, your opponent cannot activate monster effects or declare an attack. If you control more monsters than your opponent does, you cannot activate monster effects or declare an attack. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if both players control the same number of monsters: Destroy this card.')
('A.I. Love Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 Cyberse Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If you use your "@Ignister" monster as Fusion Material, you can also use 1 Link Monster your opponent controls as material. You can only activate 1 "A.I. Love Fusion" per turn.')
('Ally of Justice Nullfier', 'Any LIGHT monster that has battled this card has its effects negated (starting after damage calculation).')
('Red Rising Dragon', '1 Fiend Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 "Resonator" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except DARK Dragon Synchro Monsters. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 2 Level 1 "Resonator" monsters in your GY; Special Summon both.')
('Attack of the Cornered Rat', "If a Level 3 or lower Normal Monster you control battles, during the Damage Step you can pay Life Points in multiples of 100. The ATK of the opponent's monster is reduced by the amount of Life Points you paid, until the End Phase. (You cannot pay more Life Points than the ATK of the opponent's monster.)")
('Heroic Champion - Gandiva', "2 Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters\nOnce per turn, when a Level 4 or lower monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy that Special Summoned monster(s).")
('The Monarchs Erupt', "Activate this card only if you have no cards in your Extra Deck and control a Tribute Summoned monster. Negate the effects of all face-up monsters on the field, while those monsters are face-up on the field, except Tribute Summoned monsters'. During your End Phase, if you control no Tribute Summoned monsters, send this card to the Graveyard.")
('Dragunity Angusticlavii', 'While this card is equipped with a Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster, during battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.')
('Watthopper', 'Your opponent cannot select another face-up "Watt" monster as an attack target, or target them with card effects.')
('The Atmosphere', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 monsters you control and 1 monster from your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of that equipped monster.')
('Blue-Eyes Chaos Dragon', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Chaos Form". Must be Ritual Summoned. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. If this card was Ritual Summoned using "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", when it declares an attack: You can change the battle positions of as many monsters your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, the ATK/DEF of those changed monsters become 0, also, this turn, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.')
('Ascension Sky Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned: It gains 800 ATK for each card currently in your hand. When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent\'s card and sent to your GY, if all of the monsters that were used for the Synchro Summon of this card are in your GY: You can Special Summon all of them, but their effects are negated. You can only use this effect of "Ascension Sky Dragon" once per turn.')
('Xyz Remora', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by detaching 2 Xyz Materials from monster(s) you control. When you do: You can target 2 Level 4 Fish-Type monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets in face-up Defense Position. Their effects are negated, they cannot attack or change their battle positions, and cannot be used as Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a WATER monster.')
('Crystron Impact', 'Target 1 of your banished "Crystron" monsters; Special Summon it, and if you do, if your opponent controls any face-up monsters, change their DEF to 0. During either player\'s turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard, when a card or effect is activated that targets a "Crystron" monster you control: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate that effect.')
('Hyper Hammerhead', "At the end of the Damage Step, if an opponent's monster that battled this card is not destroyed: Return that opponent's monster to the hand.")
('Black Rose Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can destroy all cards on the field. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Plant monster from your GY, then target 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls; change that target to face-up Attack Position, and if you do, its ATK becomes 0 until the end of this turn.')
('Ring of Destruction', 'During your opponent\'s turn: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls whose ATK is less than or equal to their LP; destroy that face-up monster, and if you do, take damage equal to its original ATK, then inflict damage to your opponent, equal to the damage you took. You can only activate 1 "Ring of Destruction" per turn.')
('Animadorned Archosaur', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can destroy 1 Dinosaur monster in your hand or face-up field, except "Animadorned Archosaur", then add 1 Reptile, Sea Serpent, or Winged Beast monster with the same original Level as that destroyed monster, OR 1 "Evolution Pill" Spell, from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Animadorned Archosaur" once per turn.')
('Spirit Message "L"', 'This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board".')
('Knightmare Cerberus', '2 monsters with different names\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Special Summoned monster in your opponent\'s Main Monster Zone; destroy it, then, if this card was co-linked when this effect was activated, you can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Knightmare Cerberus" once per turn. Co-linked monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Vylon Stigma', 'Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can target 1 face-up "Vylon" Equip Card you control and 1 appropriate face-up monster; equip the first target to the second target.')
('Tower of Babel', 'Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. If the 4th Spell Counter is placed on this card: Destroy this card, and if you do, the player who activated the Spell Card at that time takes 3000 damage.')
('Rise of the Snake Deity', 'When a face-up "Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes" you control is destroyed, except by battle: Special Summon 1 "Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes" from your hand or Deck.')
('Dogmatika Maximus', 'You can banish 1 Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Monster from your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; send 2 monsters with different names from your Extra Deck to the GY, also your opponent sends 2 monsters from their Extra Deck to the GY, also you cannot Special Summon from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Dogmatika Maximus" once per turn.')
('Amorphage Greed', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhile you control an "Amorphage" monster, neither player can activate Trap Cards or their effects, except for "Amorphage" cards. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.')
('Akz, the Pumer', "This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 2 Beast-Warrior-Type monsters in your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can discard 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster to activate 1 of the following effects: ● Double this card's ATK until the End Phase. ● This card can attack your opponent directly this turn.")
('Vendread Core', 'If this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 other Zombie monster from your GY; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. A "Vendread" monster Ritual Summoned using this card on the field gains the following effect. You can only use each of the preceding effects of "Vendread Core" once per turn.\r\n● Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects.')
('Advanced Dark', 'All "Crystal Beast" monsters on the field and in the GY become DARK. If an "Ultimate Crystal" monster attacks, negate the effects of the attack target during that Battle Phase. During damage calculation, if a "Crystal Beast" monster you control battles and you would take damage: You can send 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck to the GY; you take no battle damage from that battle.')
('Elemental HERO Storm Neos', '"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird" + "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin"\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck. When this card is shuffled into the Extra Deck this way: Shuffle all cards on the field into the Deck.')
('Blasting Fuse', "Activate only when all zones of this card's column are occupied. Destroy all cards in this column.")
('Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Chaos Form". Must be Ritual Summoned. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict double piercing battle damage.')
('Cyber Harpie Lady', '(This card\'s name is always treated as "Harpie Lady".)')
('Evilswarm Bahamut', '2 Level 4 "lswarm" monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; discard 1 "lswarm" monster, and if you do, take control of that opponent\'s monster.')
('Decoyroid', 'While this card is face-up on your side of the field, your opponent cannot select a face-up monster as an attack target except "Decoyroid".')
('Unauthorized Bootup Device', 'Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead. If this card is destroyed and sent to the GY while equipped to a monster: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Unauthorized Bootup Device" once per turn.')
('Fabled Dyf', 'When a "Fabled" monster is sent from the hand to your Graveyard, you can Tribute this card to select that monster, and Special Summon it from the Graveyard.')
('Floodgate Trap Hole', 'When your opponent Summons a monster(s): Change that monster(s) to face-down Defense Position. Monsters changed to face-down Defense Position by this effect cannot change their battle positions.')
('Kryuel', "When this card is sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle, toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, destroy 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field.")
('Seven Realms of the Golden Land', 'During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using Zombie monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If a Zombie monster(s) is Special Summoned by a card effect: You can target 1 Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone; it cannot be activated this turn. You can only use each effect of "Seven Realms of the Golden Land" once per turn.')
('Fire Trooper', 'When this card is Summoned, you can send it to the Graveyard to inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.')
('Night Papilloperative', '3 Level 4 monsters\n Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains 300 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to a monster on the field.')
('Yosenju Misak', 'At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a face-up non-WIND monster: You can destroy that monster. When this card is Pendulum Summoned: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. During the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.')
('Paralyzing Potion', 'A non Machine-Type monster equipped with this card cannot attack.')
('Danger!? Tsuchinoko?', 'You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger!? Tsuchinoko?", Special Summon 1 "Danger!? Tsuchinoko?" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Danger!? Tsuchinoko?" once per turn.')
('Xyz Energy', 'Detach 1 Xyz Material you control to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Rain Bozu', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains ATK equal to the difference between the number of cards in both players' Extra Decks x 100, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nGains ATK equal to the difference between the number of cards in both players' Extra Decks x 200 during your turn only. Gains DEF equal to the difference between the number of cards in both players' Extra Decks x 200 during your opponent's turn only. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.")
('Weed Out', 'Pay 500 Life Points. Destroy all face-up Attack Position Level 3 monsters.')
('Black Luster Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Black Luster Soldier". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 8 or more.')
('Speedroid Passinglider', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can send 1 "Speedroid" Tuner from your hand or face-up from your field to the GY; increase or reduce (min. 1) this card\'s Pendulum Scale by the original Level of the sent monster until the end of this turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf there are no monsters on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Speedroid Passinglider" once per turn this way. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Speedroid" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. Your opponent\'s monsters cannot target "Speedroid" monsters for attacks, except this one.')
('Artifact Mjollnir', 'You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell. During your opponent\'s turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your GY: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent\'s turn: Target 1 "Artifact" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, also you cannot Special Summon monsters until the end of the next turn, except "Artifact" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Artifact Mjollnir" once per turn.')
('Vanadis of the Nordic Ascendant', 'For a Synchro Summon, you can substitute this card for any 1 "Nordic" Tuner. If this card is used as Synchro Material, all other Synchro Materials must be "Nordic" monsters. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Nordic" monster from your Deck to the GY; this card\'s Level becomes the Level of that monster, until the end of this turn.')
('Ready for Intercepting', 'Target 1 Warrior or Spellcaster monster on the field; change that target to face-down Defense Position.')
('Mystic Swordsman LV6', "Cannot be Normal Summoned (but can be Normal Set). At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster, and if you do, you can place it on top of your opponent's Deck instead of sending it to the Graveyard.")
('Nanana', 'Target 1 Level 7 or Rank 7 monster you control; it gains 700 ATK/DEF until the end of this turn.')
('Marincess Blue Slug', '1 Level 4 or lower "Marincess" monster\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can target 1 "Marincess" monster in your GY, except "Marincess Blue Slug"; add it to your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WATER monsters. You can only Link Summon "Marincess Blue Slug" once per turn.')
('Big-Tusked Mammoth', 'Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack the turn they are Summoned.')
('Elemental HERO Absolute Zero', '1 "HERO" monster + 1 WATER monster\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned. Gains 500 ATK for each WATER monster on the field, except "Elemental HERO Absolute Zero". If this card leaves the field: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.')
('Extraceratops', 'When a monster in the Extra Monster Zone is destroyed by battle with a monster in the Main Monster Zone and sent to the GY, while this card is in the GY: You can Special Summon this card, in Defense Position, to the field of that destroyed monster\'s owner. You can only use this effect of "Extraceratops" once per turn. If this card Summoned this way is destroyed and sent to the GY: Draw 1 card.')
('Old Entity Hastorr', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nIf this card is sent from the Monster Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card from your Graveyard to that monster. That monster cannot attack, also its effects are negated. If this card leaves the field while equipped to an opponent's monster by this effect: Take control of the monster this card was equipped to.")
('Brutal Potion', 'This card becomes an Equip Card, and equips to 1 monster you control. Once per turn, when you inflict damage to your opponent with a card effect, the equipped monster gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Drytron Meteor Shower', 'When your opponent would Normal or Special Summon a monster(s) while you control a Ritual Monster: Negate the Summon, and if you do, shuffle that monster(s) into the Deck. You can only activate 1 "Draitron Meteor Shower" per turn.')
('Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while you control no monsters. When this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can Special Summon 2 "Vague Shadow Tokens" (Winged Beast-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0), but they cannot be Tributed or be used as Synchro Material. You can banish this card and 1 or more face-up non-Tuners you control, then target 1 "Blackwing" Synchro Monster in your Graveyard whose Level equals the total Levels the banished monsters had on the field; Special Summon it, and if you do, it is treated as a Tuner.')
('Raremetalfoes Bismugear', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 "Metalfoes" monster from your Deck to your hand during the End Phase of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Raremetalfoes Bismugear" once per turn.')
('Infernity Suppression', 'If you have no cards in your hand, you can activate this card the turn it was Set. When your opponent activates a monster effect while you control an "Infernity" monster: Negate that effect, then you can inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster\'s Level x 100. You can only activate 1 "Infernity Suppression" per turn.')
('Marincess Crystal Heart', '2 WATER monsters\nUnaffected by your opponent\'s monster effects while this card is in the Extra Monster Zone. During the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent\'s monster, that opponent\'s monster is unaffected by card effects, except its own. When this card, or your "Marincess" Link Monster this card points to, is targeted for an attack: You can send 1 "Marincess" monster from your hand to the GY; for that battle, your monster cannot be destroyed by battle and you take no battle damage.')
('Morphtronic Lantron', "● While in Attack Position: Any effect damage you would take from an opponent's card effect is inflicted to your opponent instead.\n● While in Defense Position: When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you take no Battle Damage this turn.")
('Performapal Uni', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Performapal" monster from your hand in Attack Position. During your opponent\'s turn: You can banish 1 "Performapal" monster, except "Performapal Uni", and this card from your Graveyard; the next time you would take battle damage this turn, you do not (this is a Quick Effect).')
('Psi-Impulse', "Tribute 1 Psychic-Type monster. Return all cards in your opponent's hand to the Deck. Then, they draw 3 cards.")
('Spiral Flame Strike', 'Activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● If you control an "Odd-Eyes" card: Target 1 card on the field; destroy it.\r\n● Add to your hand, 1 Level 7 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Deck, or 1 face-up Level 7 "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck.')
('Frightfur Sabre-Tooth', '1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster + 1+ "Fluffal" and/or "Edge Imp" monsters\nWhen this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target 1 "Frightfur" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. All "Frightfur" monsters you control gain 400 ATK. If this card was Fusion Summoned using 3 or more Fusion Materials, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.')
('Pinch Hopper', 'When this card you control is sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 Insect monster from your hand.')
('Plunder Patroll Shipyarrrd', '"Plunder Patroll" monsters you control gain 500 ATK for each "Plunder Patroll" card in your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use each of the following effects of "Plunder Patroll Shipyarrrd" once per turn.\r\n● You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Plunder Patroll" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Plunder Patroll Shipyarrrd".\r\n● If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 "Plunder Patroll" card in your Spell & Trap Zone; Set this card, and if you do, return that target to the hand.')
('Relay Soul', 'Special Summon 1 monster from your hand. While it is face-up on your side of the field, you take no damage. When it leaves the field, your opponent wins the Duel.')
('Holy Night Bellfire', 'Add 1 "Holy Night" monster or Level 7 LIGHT Dragon monster from your Deck to your hand, then, if your opponent controls a DARK monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon 1 LIGHT Dragon monster from your hand. You can only activate 1 "Holy Night Bellfire" per turn.')
('Unexpected Dai', 'If you control no monsters: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from the Deck.')
('Heraldic Beast Leo', 'During the End Phase of the turn this card was Normal Summoned: Destroy this card. When this card is sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 "Heraldic Beast" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Heraldic Beast Leo". You can only use this effect of "Heraldic Beast Leo" once per turn.')
('White-Horned Dragon', "When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Target up to 5 Spell Cards in your opponent's Graveyard; banish those target(s), and if you do, this card gains 300 ATK for each card banished by this effect.")
('Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En', '1 Warrior Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner "Six Samurai" monsters\r\nOnce per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. If this card on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy another "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.')
('Break Away', "During your opponent's Battle Phase: Send 1 Spell from your hand to the GY; end the Battle Phase, then face-up monsters currently on the field have their effects negated until the end of this turn.")
('Rose Girl', 'If a face-up Plant monster(s) you control is sent to the GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If a Plant monster is on the field and this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "Rose Girl" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Kingyo Sukui', 'You can target 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a monster with the same Attribute as the target, add it to your hand, and if you do, shuffle the target into the Deck. Otherwise, send the excavated card to the GY, also destroy this card. You can only use this effect of "Kingyo Sukui" once per turn.')
('The Seal of Orichalcos', 'All monsters you control gain 500 ATK. Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by card effects. While you control 2 or more face-up Attack Position monsters, your opponent cannot target your monster(s) with the lowest ATK for an attack. If this card is activated: Destroy all Special Summoned monsters you control. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck. You can only activate "The Seal of Orichalcos" once per Duel.')
('Infernoble Knight Oliver', 'While this card is an Equip Card, your opponent cannot target the equipped monster with card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Infernoble Knight Oliver" once per turn. You can send 1 FIRE Warrior monster or 1 Equip Spell from your hand or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand as a Level 1 monster. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 Warrior monster you control; equip this card to that monster you control.')
('Triamid Cruiser', 'Each time a Rock-Type monster is Normal Summoned, gain 500 LP. If a "Triamid" monster is Normal Summoned: You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card. If this face-up card in the Field Zone is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Triamid" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Triamid Cruiser" once per turn.')
('Infernalqueen Archfiend', "The controller of this card pays 500 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases (this is not optional). When this card is targeted by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, when resolving the effect, roll a six-sided die. If the result is 2 or 5, negate the effect and destroy the opponent's card. As long as this card remains on the field, during each Standby Phase, increase the ATK of 1 Archfiend Monster Card by 1000 points until the End Phase.")
('Balance of Judgment', 'If your opponent controls more cards than the combined number of cards in your hand and that you control: Draw cards equal to their surplus. You can only activate 1 "Balance of Judgment" per turn.')
('Danger! Ogopogo!', 'You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger! Ogopogo!", Special Summon 1 "Danger! Ogopogo!" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can send 1 "Danger!" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Danger! Ogopogo!". You can only use this effect of "Danger! Ogopogo!" once per turn.')
('Performapal Secondonkey', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Performapal" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Performapal Secondonkey". If you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones, you can add it to your hand instead.')
('Meklord Emperor Granel', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When a face-up monster you control is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. This card gains ATK and DEF equal to half your LP. Once per turn: You can target 1 Synchro Monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. You can target 1 of these equipped monsters; Special Summon that target to your side of the field in Defense Position.')
('Moray of Greed', 'Shuffle 2 WATER monsters from your hand into the Deck, then draw 3 cards.')
('Galaxy Dragon', 'This card cannot attack directly, and can only attack Dragon-Type monsters. If this card battles a Dragon-Type monster, this card gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only, also that monster has its effects negated during this Battle Phase, as long as this card remains face-up on the field.')
('Inzektor Hopper', 'Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster\'s Level is increased by 4. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard; the monster it was equipped to can attack your opponent directly this turn. Other monsters cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.')
('Evigishki Merrowgeist', "2 Level 4 monsters\n After damage calculation, if this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; shuffle the destroyed monster into the Deck instead of sending it to the Graveyard.")
('Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll', 'If your opponent controls a monster, and all monsters you control are face-up "Gimmick Puppet" monsters (min. 1), you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Number 46: Dragluon', "2 Level 8 Dragon-Type monsters\nOnce per turn, if you control no other monsters: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects.\n● Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand.\n● Target 1 Dragon-Type monster your opponent controls; take control of that target.\n● Dragon-Type monsters your opponent controls cannot activate their effects until the end of your opponent's turn.")
('Angel Statue - Azurune', 'Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Fairy/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 1800). (This card is also still a Trap.) Once per turn, when your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s) while this card is in the Monster Zone (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Continuous Trap in your Monster Zone that was Special Summoned from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s). When this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle: You can destroy the monster that destroyed this card.')
('Magical Meltdown', 'When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Aleister the Invoker" from your Deck to your hand. The activation of your cards and effects that include an effect that Fusion Summons a Fusion Monster cannot be negated, also your opponent\'s cards and effects cannot activate when a monster is Fusion Summoned this way. You can only activate 1 "Magical Meltdown" per turn.')
('Goyo Defender', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn, if all monsters you control are EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monsters (min. 1): You can Special Summon "Goyo Defender" from your Extra Deck. When this card is targeted for an attack: You can make this card gain 1000 ATK for each EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monster you control (other than this card), until the end of the Damage Step.')
('Backfire', 'If a face-up FIRE monster(s) you control is destroyed and sent to the GY: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Wattkiwi', '"Watt" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle while they are attacking.')
('Infestation Terminus', 'Target 1 "lswarm" monster you control and 2 cards your opponent controls; banish the first target, and if you do, return the second targets to the hand.')
('Elemental HERO Grand Neos', '"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Grand Mole"\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck.')
('Emblem of Dragon Destroyer', 'Add 1 "Buster Blader" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.')
('Element Dragon', "This monster gets the following effect(s) while there is a monster(s) with the following Attribute(s) on the field: ● FIRE: This card gains 500 ATK. ● WIND: If this card destroyed your opponent's monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.")
('Vanquishing Light', 'When a monster(s) would be Summoned: Tribute 1 "Lightsworn" monster; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).')
("Queen's Knight", 'This knight catches her opponents off guard, dominating them with swift yet graceful attacks.')
('Beast of the Pharaoh', 'If this card is sent to the GY for a Synchro Summon: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Zombie monster in your GY; Special Summon that target.')
('Fire King Avatar Yaksha', 'If a face-up "Fire King" monster you control is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can destroy 1 card in your hand or that you control. You can only use this effect of "Fire King Avatar Yaksha" once per turn.')
('Dragard', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Normal Monster with 1000 or less ATK in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Dragon-Type monster, then target 1 face-up monster you control; until the End Phase, its Level becomes 8, and if it does, it gains 800 ATK.')
('Borreload Dragon', "3+ Effect Monsters\r\nNeither player can target this card with monster effects. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 500 ATK/DEF. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks an opponent's monster: You can place that opponent's monster in a zone this card points to and take control of it, but send it to the GY during the End Phase of the next turn.")
('Token Collector', 'If a Token is Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when the Token was Special Summoned) or hand (even if not). You can only use this effect of "Token Collector" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: Destroy as many Tokens on the field as possible, and if you do, this card gains 400 ATK for each Token destroyed. Neither player can Special Summon Tokens.')
('Kuribohrn', 'At the end of the Battle Phase: You can discard this card, then target 1 monster in your GY that was destroyed by battle and sent there this turn; Special Summon it. When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can banish this card from your GY, then target any number of "Kuriboh" monsters in your GY; Special Summon them.')
('Prediction Ritual', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Prediction Princess Tarotrei". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 9 or more. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Prediction Princess" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('U.A. Powered Jersey', 'Equip only to a "U.A." monster. It gains 1000 ATK and DEF, also if it battles an opponent\'s monster, any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent is doubled. If the equipped monster destroys a monster by its attack: It can make a second attack during this Battle Phase. During your Standby Phase: Banish the equipped monster. If this card is sent to the Graveyard because the equipped monster returned to the hand: You can return this card to the hand.')
('Trap Hole of Spikes', "When an opponent's monster that was Normal or Special Summoned this turn declares an attack: Destroy that attacking monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the original ATK of that monster.")
('Ultimate Providence', 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: Discard the same type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Omega Goggles', "Equip only to a monster you control. Once per turn, you can look at 1 random card in your opponent's hand. The equipped monster cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.")
('Wattlemur', "If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect): Your opponent cannot conduct their Battle Phase during their next turn.")
('Performage Damage Juggler', 'When a card or effect is activated that would inflict damage to you (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; reduce the next battle damage you would take this turn to 0. You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Performage" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Performage Damage Juggler". You can only use this effect of "Performage Damage Juggler" once per turn.')
('Metaphys Daedalus', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Metaphys" monster: You can banish all other face-up Special Summoned monsters on the field. If this card is banished, during the Standby Phase of the next turn: You can shuffle this banished card into the Deck; banish 1 "Metaphys" card from your Deck, except "Metaphys Daedalus".')
('Des Mosquito', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Place 2 counters on it. It gains 500 ATK for each of these counters. If this card would be destroyed by battle, remove 1 of these counters instead.')
('Musakani Magatama', 'When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, that destroys a card(s), while you control a "Six Samurai" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Sky Galloping Gaia the Dragon Champion', '1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster + 1 Dragon-Type monster\nThis card\'s name becomes "Gaia the Dragon Champion" while it is on the field. If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. When this card declares an attack on an opponent\'s monster: You can change the battle position of that opponent\'s monster.')
('Stack Reviver', 'If this card is used as material for a Link Summon: You can target 1 other Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY, that was used as material for that Link Summon; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Stack Reviver" once per Duel.')
('Bright Future', 'Target 2 of your banished Psychic-Type monsters; return both those targets to the Graveyard and draw 1 card.')
('Gemini Imps', "During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect that could make you discard when it resolves: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. Then draw 1 card.")
('Vampire Scarlet Scourge', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 "Vampire" monster in your GY, except "Vampire Scarlet Scourge"; Special Summon it, but it cannot attack this turn. You can only use this effect of "Vampire Scarlet Scourge" once per turn. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed any monster(s) by battle: You can Special Summon them from the GYs to your field.')
('Garden Rose Maiden', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Black Garden" from your Deck or GY to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Rose Dragon" monster or 1 Dragon Synchro Monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Garden Rose Maiden" once per turn.')
('Abyss Actor - Superstar', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Abyss Actor" monster, then target 1 "Abyss Script" Spell in your GY; add it to your hand.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen Normal or Special Summoned, your opponent\'s Spell/Trap Cards and effects cannot be activated. Once per turn: You can Set 1 "Abyss Script" Spell directly from your Deck, but it is sent to the GY during the End Phase.')
('Rank-Down-Magic Numeron Fall', 'Target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Utopia" monster with a lower Rank than that monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) The monster Xyz Summoned by this effect gains this effect.\r\n● If this card attacks, or is attacked by, an opponent\'s monster, the opponent\'s monster\'s effects are negated during the Battle Phase only.')
('Elephant Statue of Blessing', "When this card is sent from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: You gain 2000 Life Points.")
('Splind the Steel Dragon', '"Fallen of Albaz" + 1 Effect Monster that was Special Summoned this turn\r\nDuring your Main Phase: You can move this card you control to another of your Main Monster Zones, then you can destroy all other face-up cards in this card\'s column. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn: You can add to your hand, or Special Summon, 1 "Sprigguns" monster or "Fallen of Albaz" from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Splind the Steel Dragon" once per turn.')
('Alinsection', 'A stag beetle with a saw-like head and arms.')
('Breaking of the World', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 Ritual Monster you control; show 1 Ritual Monster in your hand, until the end of this turn. The Level of the shown Ritual Monster becomes the targeted monster\'s Level, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn, if "Ruin, Queen of Oblivion" or "Demise, King of Armageddon" is Ritual Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Draw 1 card.\r\n● Destroy 1 card on the field.')
('Fissure', 'Destroy the 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that has the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied).')
('Power Wall', "During damage calculation, when you would take battle damage from an opponent's attacking monster: Send 1 card from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard for every 500 damage (round up) you are about to take, also you take no battle damage from that battle.")
('Twisted Personality', "[At the start of the Duel, flip this card over.]\r\n\r\nEach time a player loses LP, place 1 counter on this card (max. 3). Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can use 1 of the following Skills.\r\n● Remove 2 counters from this card, then discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.\r\n● Remove 3 counters from this card, then destroy 1 face-up card your opponent controls.")
('Arkbrave Dragon', 'If this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard: You can banish as many face-up Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK and DEF for each card banished. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there last turn: You can target 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Arkbrave Dragon"; Special Summon it.')
('Danger! Response Team', 'Target 1 "Danger!" monster you control and 1 monster on the field; return them to the hand. If this card is in the GY: You can discard 1 "Danger!" monster; place this card on the bottom of the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Danger! Response Team" once per turn.')
('Cyberse Accelerator', '2+ monsters, except Tokens\nDuring the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Cyberse monster this card points to and activate 1 of these effects;\n● It gains 2000 ATK until the end of this turn.\n● It can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn.\nThis card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated. You can only use this effect of "Cyberse Accelerator" once per turn.')
('Imperial Iron Wall', 'Neither player can banish cards.')
('Mega Thunderball', 'Rolls along the ground releasing bolts of electricity to attack its enemies.')
('Raiza the Storm Monarch', 'If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 card on the field; place that target on the top of the Deck.')
('Magical Musket - Last Stand', 'When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card while you control a "Magical Musket" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Last Stand" per turn.')
('Flame Spirit Ignis', 'You can Tribute 1 face-up FIRE monster to inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each FIRE monsters in your Graveyard.')
('Seed of Flame', 'When this card you control is destroyed by a card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Seed of Flame"; Special Summon that target, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Seed Token" (Plant-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to your opponent\'s side of the field in Defense Position. This Token cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.')
('Des Kangaroo', 'If the ATK of a monster that attacks this monster in Defense Position is lower than the DEF of this card, destroy the attacking monster. (Damage calculation is applied normally.)')
('Trap Hole', 'When your opponent Normal or Flip Summons 1 monster with 1000 or more ATK: Target that monster; destroy that target.')
('Number C9: Chaos Dyson Sphere', '3 Level 10 monsters\nAt the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent\'s monster: You can attach that monster to this card as a face-up Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each Xyz Material attached to this card. If this card has "Number 9: Dyson Sphere" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can detach any number of Xyz Materials from this card; inflict 800 damage to your opponent for each.')
('Bubble Crash', 'This card can only be activated when any player has 6 or more cards on the field and/or in their hand. The player(s) then select and send cards to their respective Graveyards until the amount remaining on the field and in their hand is 5.')
('Gem-Knight Iolite', 'This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.\n● Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Gem-" monster from your Graveyard to target 1 "Gem-Knight" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Punch-in-the-Box', "When your opponent's monster declares an attack while they control 2 or more monsters: Target the attacking monster; negate that attack, and if you do, send 1 other monster they control to the Graveyard, then the targeted monster loses ATK equal to the original ATK or DEF (whichever is higher, your choice if tied) of the sent monster in the Graveyard.")
('Egotistical Ape', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by sending 1 Beast-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard. When this card is Special Summoned this way, you can activate 1 of these effects: ● Increase the Level of this card by the Level of the Beast-Type monster. ● Decrease the Level of this card by the Level of the Beast-Type monster.')
('Eda the Sun Magician', 'If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can Special Summon 1 Spellcaster monster with 1500 DEF from your hand or Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Eda the Sun Magician". During your opponent\'s Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can change 1 face-down Spellcaster monster you control to face-up Attack or Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Eda the Sun Magician" once per turn.')
('Rikka Flurries', 'If a "Rikka" monster you control is Tributed (except during the Damage Step): You can make your opponent Tribute 1 monster they control (their choice). You can only use this effect of "Rikka Flurries" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s End Phase, if you control a face-up non-Plant monster: Destroy this card.')
('Venom Burn', 'Select 1 monster with a Venom Counter(s). Remove all Venom Counters from that card, and inflict 700 damage to your opponent for each Venom Counter removed.')
('Harpie Lady 1', '(This card\'s name is always treated as "Harpie Lady".)\nAll WIND monsters gain 300 ATK.')
('Dream Mirror Oneiromancy', 'Activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card while a "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.\r\n● When your opponent would Special Summon monster(s) while a "Dream Mirror of Terror" is in a Field Zone: Negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Dream Mirror Oneiromancy" per turn.')
('Berserker of the Tenyi', '2+ monsters, including a Link Monster')
('Clock Tower Prison', 'Once per turn, during your opponent\'s Standby Phase: Place 1 Clock Counter on this card. While there are 4 or more Clock Counters on this card, you do not take any battle damage. If this card with 4 or more Clock Counters is destroyed and sent to the GY: Special Summon 1 "Destiny HERO - Dreadmaster" from your hand or Deck.')
('Powerhold the Moving Battery', 'Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 0/DEF 2000), then, you can equip 1 Level 4 Machine "Gadget" monster from your hand or Deck to this card. (This card is also still a Trap.) If Summoned this way, this card gains ATK equal to double the ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect.')
('Anteatereatingant', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by sending 2 Spell or Trap Cards you control to the Graveyard. You can destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls. If you activate this effect, this card cannot attack during this turn.')
('Cannonball Spear Shellfish', 'While "Umi" is face-up on the field, this card is unaffected by any Spell Cards.')
('Triple Burst Dragon', '2+ monsters, except Tokens\r\nOnce per turn, during the Damage Step, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was Special Summoned: You can Tribute this card, then target 1 Link-2 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster from your hand.')
('Earth Golem @Ignister', '1 Cyberse monster + 1 Link Monster\r\nAfter this card is Fusion Summoned, you take no damage for the rest of this turn. If this card attacks a monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, this card gains ATK equal to its original ATK during the Damage Step only. When this card is destroyed by battle: You can target 1 Cyberse monster in your GY, except "Earth Golem @Ignister"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Earth Golem @Ignister" once per turn.')
('Galaxy Serpent', 'Your hopes and dreams will be refreshed if you catch a glimpse of this rare creature in the evening twilight, soaring in the Sea of Stars.')
('Bee List Soldier', 'You can Tribute this card and 1 face-up Insect monster, except "Bee List Soldier"; draw 2 cards.')
('M-Warrior #2', 'Specializing in combination attacks, this warrior is equipped with a tough, magnetically coated armor.')
('Level Conversion Lab', 'Select 1 monster in your hand and show it to your opponent, then roll a six-sided die. If the result is 1, send the selected monster to the Graveyard. If the result is 2-6, the Level of the selected monster becomes equal to the result until the end of this turn.')
('Genex Neutron', 'Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can add 1 Machine-Type Tuner monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Shreddder', "Once per turn: You can send 1 Machine-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster your opponent controls with a Level less than or equal to the sent monster's; destroy that target.")
('Shaddoll Squamata', 'FLIP: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it.\r\nIf this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Shaddoll Squamata". You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Squamata" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Symphonic Warrior Drumss', 'Once per turn, you can declare 1 Attribute and select 1 face-up "Symphonic Warrior" monster on the field. That monster becomes that Attribute. You can declare 1 Attribute and remove from play this card from your Graveyard to select 1 face-up "Symphonic Warrior" monster you control, and make it that Attribute.')
('Dark Plant', 'This mutant flower draws its power from pollutants and the dark forces.')
('Jurassic Impact', "If you control 2 or more Dinosaur monsters and your LP is lower than your opponent's: Destroy as many monsters on the field as possible, and if you do, take 1000 damage for each monster destroyed, then inflict damage to your opponent, equal to the damage you took. Until the end of the next turn after this card is activated, neither player can Normal or Special Summon.")
('Deep Dark Trap Hole', 'When a Level 5 or higher Effect Monster(s) is Special Summoned: Banish that Level 5 or higher Effect Monster(s).')
('Solidarity', 'If you have only 1 original Type of monster in your Graveyard, all monsters you control with the same Type gain 800 ATK.')
('Jurrac Protops', 'This card gains 100 ATK for each monster your opponent controls.')
('Raidraptor - Mimicry Lanius', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can increase the Levels of all "Raidraptor" monsters you currently control by 1. During your Main Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can banish this card; add 1 "Raidraptor" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Raidraptor - Mimicry Lanius". You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Mimicry Lanius" once per turn.')
('Clock Wyvern', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can halve this card\'s ATK, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Clock Token" (Cyberse/WIND/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Clock Wyvern" once per turn.')
('Bluebeard, the Plunder Patroll Shipwright', 'If you control a "Plunder Patroll" monster, except "Bluebeard, the Plunder Patroll Shipwright": You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is sent from the hand or Monster Zone to the GY: You can discard 1 card; draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Bluebeard, the Plunder Patroll Shipwright" once per turn.')
('Emergency Provisions', 'Send any number of other Spell/Trap Cards you control to the Graveyard; gain 1000 LP for each card sent to the Graveyard this way.')
('Antialian', "Once per turn, if this card battled a monster this Battle Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 Cyberse monster. If this face-up card you control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: Draw 1 card.")
('Performapal Gumgumouton', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; that monster you control cannot be destroyed by that battle.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; that monster you control cannot be destroyed by that battle.")
('Unification', "Once per turn, during each player's Standby Phase: The turn player declares a Level from among the face-up monsters they control, then sends all face-up monsters they control with a different Level to the Graveyard.")
('Giant Rat', 'When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 EARTH monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in Attack Position.')
('Kaiser Glider', 'Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has the same ATK. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster on the field; return that target to the hand.')
('Chain Thrasher', 'This card can attack 1 additional time during the same Battle Phase for each "Chain Thrasher" in your Graveyard.')
('Mimimic', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control a Level 3 monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Mimimic" once per turn this way.')
('Gate Deeg', 'This weird monster has a portal in its belly that brings reinforcements from the farthest reaches of the netherworld.')
('ZW - Leo Arms', '2 Level 5 monsters\nThis card cannot attack your opponent directly. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 "ZW -" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this monster on the field to that target. It gains 3000 ATK. During your Battle Phase, if a monster attacked this turn while equipped with this card: You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard; the monster that was equipped with this card can make a second attack, on an opponent\'s monster, during this Battle Phase.')
('Virtual World Gate - Chuche', 'You can target 1 face-up card on the field; shuffle 2 of your banished "Virtual World" cards with different names from each other into the Deck, then destroy that card. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Virtual World" monster you control; increase or decrease its Level/Rank by 3 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Virtual World Gate - Chuche" once per turn.')
('Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic', 'Target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; this turn, every monster that battles it, but is not destroyed, returns to the hand at the end of the Damage Step. If this Set card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; place it on top of the Deck.')
('Dark World Grimoire', 'During your End Phase, if you discard a monster(s) to the Graveyard because you had more cards than your hand size limit: You can target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon that target.')
('Magnetic Attraction', 'Apply the following Skill(s):\r\n● When a Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster is Normal Summoned, you can add 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster with a different name from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● You can reveal 2 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monsters with different names from your hand, and if you do, add 1 "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" from your Deck to your hand.\r\nEach of these Skills can only be used once per Duel.')
('Graydle Split', 'Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to it. It gains 500 ATK. During your Main Phase: You can send this card equipped to a monster by this effect to the Graveyard; destroy the monster this card was equipped to, and if you do, Special Summon 2 "Graydle" monsters with different names from your Deck, but destroy them during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Graydle Split" once per turn.')
('Tri-Horned Dragon', 'An unworthy dragon with three sharp horns sprouting from its head.')
('Mist Valley Soldier', "While you control this face-up card, any opponent's monster that battles this card, but is not destroyed by the battle, returns to its owner's hand at the end of the Damage Step.")
('Guiding Ariadne', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nApply these effects.\r\n● You do not pay LP to activate Counter Trap Cards.\r\n● You do not discard to activate Counter Trap Cards.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can reveal 3 Counter Traps from your Deck, your opponent chooses 1 for you to add to your hand, and you shuffle the rest back into your Deck.')
('Worm Cartaros', 'FLIP: Add 1 Level 4 or lower Reptile-Type "Worm" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Performage Stilts Launcher', 'If there are no monsters on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand), but you cannot Normal Summon/Set for the rest of this turn. During either player\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated that would inflict damage to your opponent, while you have another "Performage" monster in your Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; inflict 2000 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Performage Stilts Launcher" once per turn.')
('Satellarknight Altair', 'If this card is Summoned: You can target 1 "tellarknight" monster in your Graveyard, except "Satellarknight Altair"; Special Summon that monster in Defense Position, also monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn, except "tellarknight" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Altair" once per turn.')
('Titanocider', 'Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; change its ATK to 0, and if you do, negate its effects. If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the Extra Deck while this card is in your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can Set this card. You can only use each effect of "Titanocider" once per turn.')
('Gust Fan', 'A WIND monster equipped with this card increases its ATK by 400 points and decreases its DEF by 200 points.')
('Roll Out!', "Target 1 Union monster in your Graveyard; equip that target to a monster you control that would be an appropriate target for that Union monster's effect.")
('Tin Goldfish', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your hand.')
('Bujingi Sinyou', 'During either player\'s Damage Step, if a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; that monster you control gains ATK equal to the current ATK of the opponent\'s monster it is battling until the end of the Damage Step, and if it does, all battle damage your opponent takes from that battle is halved. You can only use this effect of "Bujingi Sinyou" once per turn.')
('Dark Factory of Mass Production', 'Target 2 Normal Monsters in your GY; add them to your hand.')
('Archfiend Empress', 'If (exactly) 1 face-up DARK Fiend-Type monster on the field, except this card, would be destroyed, you can remove from play 1 DARK Fiend-Type monster from your Graveyard, instead. When this card is destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can select 1 Level 6 or higher DARK Fiend-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Archfiend Empress", and Special Summon it.')
('Cyber Jar', 'FLIP: Destroy all monsters on the field, then both players reveal the top 5 cards from their Decks, then Special Summon all revealed Level 4 or lower monsters in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position, also add any remaining cards to their hand. (If either player has less than 5 cards in their Deck, reveal as many as possible.)')
('Trap Eater', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by sending 1 face-up Trap Card your opponent controls to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways.')
('Armed Dragon LV3', 'During your Standby Phase: You can send this card to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Armed Dragon LV5" from your hand or Deck.')
('Giant Soldier of Stone', 'A giant warrior made of stone. A punch from this creature has earth-shaking results.')
('Fire Cracker', '(Quick Effect): You can discard this card; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent, and if you do, skip your next Draw Phase. You can only use this effect of "Fire Cracker" once per turn. Each time your opponent takes effect damage, place 1 counter on this card. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Remove all counters from this card that were placed by its effect, and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each.')
('Rage of the Deep Sea', 'This card gains 500 ATK and DEF for each Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster in your Graveyard.')
('Frozen Rose', 'Send 1 face-up monster you control to the GY; apply this effect, depending on the Type it had on the field.\n● Plant: During the End Phase of this turn, draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card.\n● Non-Plant: Add 1 Level 4 or lower Plant monster from your Deck to your hand.\nYou can only activate 1 "Frozen Rose" per turn.')
('Flashbang', 'Activate only after damage calculation when a monster your opponent controls made a direct attack. It is now the End Phase of this turn.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Gravirose", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Plant-Type monster in you hand. During each of your Standby Phases, you can send 1 Level 3 or lower monster from your Deck to your Graveyard.')
('Metalfoes Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 "Metalfoes" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can shuffle it into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Metalfoes Fusion" once per turn.')
('Second Goblin', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this monster on the field, you can equip it to your "Giant Orc" as an Equip Spell Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card\'s effect, you can change the equipped monster\'s battle position once per turn. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)')
('Zombie Master (Skill Card)', 'Activate this Skill during your Main Phase. Once per Duel, you can choose 1 Level 4 or lower Zombie monster you control, and it gains the following effect while face-up on the field.\r\n● Once per turn: You can send 1 monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 Level 4 or lower Zombie monster in either GY; Special Summon that target. This monster must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Impcantation Candoll', 'You can reveal 1 Ritual Spell in your hand; Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "Impcantation" monster from your Deck, except "Impcantation Candoll". If this card is Special Summoned from the Deck: You can add 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Impcantation Candoll" effect per turn, and only once that turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck.')
('Lightning Storm', 'If you control no face-up cards: Activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Destroy all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.\r\n● Destroy all Spells and Traps your opponent controls.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Lightning Storm" per turn.')
('Delta The Magnet Warrior', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 3 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monsters from your Graveyard, except "Delta The Magnet Warrior"; Special Summon 1 "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only use each effect of "Delta The Magnet Warrior" once per turn.')
('Ultimate Conductor Tyranno', "Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 Dinosaur-Type monsters from your Graveyard. Once per turn, during either player's Main Phase: You can destroy 1 monster in your hand or field, and if you do, change all face-up monsters your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent, and if you do, send that Defense Position monster to the Graveyard.")
('Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; negate its effects. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can shuffle this card from the field into the Deck, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon" once per turn.')
('Gadget Hauler', 'Once per turn, you can send any number of "Morphtronic" monsters from your hand to the Graveyard to have this card gain 800 ATK for each.')
('Kaiser Colosseum', "If there is 1 or more monster(s) on the field of the controller of this card, his/her opponent cannot place a monster on the field if his/her number of monsters would exceed the number of monsters that are on the field of this card's controller. The cards that are already on the field before this card's activation are unaffected by this effect.")
('Archfiend Cavalry', 'If this card on the field is destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Archfiend" monster in your GY, except "Archfiend Cavalry"; Special Summon it, but it cannot attack this turn.')
('Hyper Galaxy', 'Tribute 1 monster with 2000 or more ATK, except "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon", then target 1 monster your opponent controls with 2000 or more ATK; Tribute it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can only activate 1 "Hyper Galaxy" per turn.')
('Penalty Game!', 'When your opponent has 4 cards in their hand: Activate 1 of these effects.\n● Your opponent cannot draw during their next Draw Phase.\n● Your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards this turn.')
('X-Saber Anu Piranha', 'A female X-Saber Warrior, known for her graceful attacks and calm decision making in battle. Her ambition is merciless, and strikes fear in the hearts of her enemies.')
('Bachibachibachi', 'An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.\n● If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Number C5: Chaos Chimera Dragon', "3 or more Level 6 monsters\nThis card gains 1000 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. If this card attacks, at the end of the Damage Step: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card can attack an opponent's monster again in a row. At the end of the Battle Phase: You can pay half your Life Points, then target 2 cards in any Graveyard(s); place 1 of them on the top of the Deck, and if you do, attach the other to this card as an Xyz Material.")
('Naturia Gaiastrio', "2 EARTH Synchro Monsters\nDuring either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets exactly 1 card on the field (and no other cards): You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.")
('Mayakashi Winter', 'Monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK/DEF for each "Mayakashi" monster with a different name in your GY. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Mayakashi Winter" per turn, and only once that turn.\r\n● Send this card and 1 "Mayakashi" monster you control to the GY; draw 1 card.\r\n● Banish this card and 1 Zombie monster from your GY, then target 1 "Mayakashi" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.')
('Witchcrafter Masterpiece', 'If you control a "Witchcrafter" monster: Target 1 Spell in either GY; add 1 card with the same name from your Deck to your hand. During either player\'s turn, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card and any number of Spells from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your Deck whose Level equals the number of Spells banished to activate this effect. You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Masterpiece" once per turn.')
('Toon World', 'Activate this card by paying 1000 LP.')
('XX-Saber Gottoms', '1 Tuner + 1 or more EARTH monsters\nYou can Tribute 1 "X-Saber" monster to discard 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand.')
('Giga-Tech Wolf', 'An iron wolf with razor-sharp fangs that can penetrate any armor.')
('Piranha Army', "The Battle Damage this card inflicts by attacking your opponent's Life Points directly is doubled.")
('Blaze Cannon', '(This card is always treated as a "Blaze Accelerator" card.)\r\n1 "The Winged Dragon of Ra" you control gains these effects until the end of this turn. This card\'s activation and effect cannot be negated.\r\n● Unaffected by your opponent\'s card effects.\r\n● When an attack is declared involving this card: You can Tribute any number of other monsters that did not declare an attack this turn; this card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the Tributed monsters, until the end of this turn.\r\n● After damage calculation, if this card attacked: You can send all monsters your opponent controls to the GY.')
('Time Seal', "Skip the Draw Phase of your opponent's next turn.")
('Magister of Endymion', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nEach time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; Special Summon both this card from your Pendulum Zone and 1 face-up monster from your Extra Deck that you can place a Spell Counter on, and if you do, place 1 Spell Counter on each.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can only Special Summon "Magister(s) of Endymion" once per turn. When this card declares an attack: You can place 1 Spell Counter on it. Once per opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can remove 3 Spell Counters from your field; Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck that you can place a Spell Counter on. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone, then place the same number of Spell Counters on it that it had as a monster.')
('Rigorous Reaver', 'FLIP: Each player discards 1 card.\nIf this card is destroyed by battle: The monster that destroyed it loses 500 ATK and DEF.')
('Virtual World Dragon - Longlong', '2+ Level 3 monsters with the same Type and Attribute\r\nYour opponent cannot target this card with card effects while it has Xyz Material. When your opponent activates the effect of a monster with an Attribute that is not on their field, while they control a face-up monster (Quick Effect): You can detach 2 materials from this card; negate the activation. You can only use this effect of "Virtual World Dragon - Longlong" once per turn.')
('Wind-Up Knight', 'When a face-up "Wind-Up" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Gouki Riscorpio', 'If you control no monsters, or all monsters you control are "Gouki" monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Riscorpio". You can only use this effect of "Gouki Riscorpio" once per turn.')
('Drill Driver Vespenato', '2 Level 5 monsters\r\nOnce per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Drill Driver Vespenato" by using 1 Rank 4 Xyz Monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) This card cannot be used as material for an Xyz Summon the turn it was Xyz Summoned. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If this Xyz Summoned card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can target 1 Level 5 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Drill Driver Vespenato" once per turn.')
('Mecha Phantom Beast Token', 'This card can be used as a "Mecha Phantom Beast Token".\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Codebreaker Zero Day', 'All Link Monsters pointing to this card lose 1000 ATK, except "Codebreaker" Link Monsters. If a "Codebreaker" Link Monster(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect, while this card is on the field: Destroy this card. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 "Codebreaker Zero Day" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Numeral Hunter', 'If this card is Summoned: Return all "Number" Xyz Monsters on the field to the Extra Deck. Neither player can Special Summon "Number" Xyz Monsters. Cannot be destroyed by battle with an Xyz Monster. This card is unaffected by the effects of Xyz Monsters.')
('Ghostrick Museum', 'Monsters you control, except "Ghostrick" monsters, cannot attack. Monsters cannot attack face-down Defense Position monsters, but can attack directly if all monsters their opponent controls are face-down Defense Position. At the end of the Damage Step, change any monster that inflicted battle damage to a player during this battle to face-down Defense Position.')
('Fiber Jar', 'FLIP: Each player shuffles all cards from their hand, field, and Graveyard into the Deck, then draws 5 cards.')
('Phantom Dragon', 'When your opponent Special Summons a monster (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. 2 of your Monster Card Zones cannot be used.')
('Ancient Gear Frame', 'You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Ancient Gear Golem", or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists the card "Ancient Gear Golem" in its text, from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Ancient Gear Frame" once per turn. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this face-up card in its owner\'s control leaves the field because of an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon up to 3 "Ancient Gear Golem" and/or "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound" from your hand, ignoring their Summoning conditions.')
('Bracchio-raidus', '"Two-Headed King Rex" + "Crawling Dragon #2"')
("Yosenjus' Secret Move", 'When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control at least 1 "Yosenju" card, and all face-up monsters you control are "Yosenju" monsters: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Psi-Beast', "When this card is Normal Summoned, you can remove from play 1 Psychic-Type monster from your Deck. This card's Level becomes the Level of that monster.")
('Sword of Kusanagi', 'Equip only to a Spirit monster. During battle, when it attacks a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of the equipped monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. When the equipped monster you control is returned to the hand and this card is sent to the Graveyard, return this card to your hand.')
('Sea Koala', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0 until the end of this turn. You must control a Beast-Type monster (other than this card) to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('The Light - Hex-Sealed Fusion', 'You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster, but the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be correct. You can Tribute Fusion Material Monsters on the field, including this face-up card; Special Summon 1 corresponding LIGHT Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.')
('Crystron Quan', 'During your opponent\'s Main Phase or Battle Phase: You can Special Summon 1 non-Tuner monster from your hand, but it has its effects negated (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Machine-Type Synchro Monster using only that monster and this card (this is a Quick Effect). You can only use this effect of "Crystron Quan" once per turn.')
('The Wicked Dreadroot', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set except by Tributing 3 monsters. Halve the ATK and DEF of all monsters on the field, except this card.')
('D/D Reroll', '"Dark Contract" cards you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target up to 3 of your other banished "D/D" cards; shuffle them into the Deck.')
("Fairy's Gift", 'This flying monster is known for delivering happiness to all.')
('Infernity Patriarch', 'If this is the only card in your hand, you can Special Summon it (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Infernity Patriarch" once per turn this way. While you have no cards in your hand, if an "Infernity" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('The Trojan Horse', 'When Tribute Summoning an EARTH monster, you can treat this 1 monster as 2 Tributes.')
('Photon Papilloperative', '2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Defense Position monster on the field; change it to face-up Attack Position, and if you do, it loses 600 ATK.')
('Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark', '2 Level 4 WATER monsters\nWhen any player\'s monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. When this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 other monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark" once per turn.')
('Squib Draw', 'Target 1 "Rokket" monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Squib Draw" per turn.')
("Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force", 'Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" or "CXyz" monster with the same Type as that monster you control but 1 Rank higher, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) Then, if possible, detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster your opponent controls and attach it to the Summoned monster as an Xyz Material.')
('E - Emergency Call', 'Add 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Cry Havoc!', 'You can remove from play 1 monster from your Graveyard to Normal Summon or Set 1 Normal Monster from your hand. You can only activate this effect during your Main Phase.')
('D - Chain', 'Target a "Destiny HERO" monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 500 ATK. When it destroys a monster your opponent controls by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.')
('Pinpoint Dash', 'Each player reveals 1 face-down card from their Extra Deck. If they are the same type (Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link), send your opponent\'s card to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon your card, then, if the cards have the same original Type and Attribute, your opponent loses LP equal to their revealed card\'s ATK. Otherwise, send your card to the GY, and if you do, your opponent Special Summons their card. You can only activate 1 "Pinpoint Dash" per turn.')
('D/D Lamia', 'If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can send 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard, except "D/D Lamia"; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "D/D Lamia" once per turn.')
('Slacker Magician', "2 Level 1 monsters\nOnce per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets this face-up card: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.")
('Virtual World Hime - Nyannyan', 'If a Level 3 monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card as a Tuner, but banish it when it leaves the field, also for the rest of this turn, you can only Special Summon Level/Rank 3 or higher monsters. If this card is banished: You can target 1 of your other banished cards; shuffle it into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Virtual World Hime - Nyannyan" once per turn.')
('The Suppression Pluto', "Once per turn: You can declare 1 card name; look at your opponent's hand, then if they have the declared card in their hand, apply 1 of these effects.\r\n● Take control of 1 monster your opponent controls.\r\n● Destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls, then you can Set the destroyed Spell/Trap Card on your field.")
('Magical Musket - Fiendish Deal', '"Magical Musket" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by an opponent\'s card effect: You can add 1 "Magical Musket" card from your Deck or GY to your hand, except "Magical Musket - Fiendish Deal". You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Fiendish Deal" per turn.')
('Dark Contract with the Swamp King', 'During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fiend-Type Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. You can only use this effect of "Dark Contract with the Swamp King" once per turn. If Summoning a "D/D" Fusion Monster this way, you can also banish monsters from your Graveyard as Fusion Material. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage.')
('Cocoon of Evolution', 'You can target 1 "Petit Moth" you control; equip this card from your hand to that target. While equipped by this effect, the original ATK/DEF of that "Petit Moth" becomes the ATK/DEF of "Cocoon of Evolution".')
('Blackwing Armor Master', '1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nCannot be destroyed by battle, and you take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a monster: You can place 1 Wedge Counter on that monster (max. 1). You can remove all Wedge Counters from your opponent\'s monsters; the ATK and DEF of those monsters that had Wedge Counters become 0 until the end of this turn.')
('Trickstar Bloom', '1 Level 2 or lower "Trickstar" monster\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can make your opponent draw 1 card. If a face-up "Trickstar" monster this card points to is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card in their hand. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Bloom" once per turn.')
('Dinomist Ankylos', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated card effect that targets another "Dinomist" card(s) you control, then destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nBanish any monster destroyed by battle with a "Dinomist" monster you control.')
('Final Destiny', 'Discard 5 cards from your hand. Destroy all cards on the field.')
('Powered Tuner', 'This card gains 500 ATK for each face-up Tuner monster on the field.')
('Number 103: Ragnazero', "2 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls, whose current ATK is different from its original ATK; destroy it, and if you do, draw 1 card.")
('Yosenju Oroshi Channeling', 'If you control no monsters: Activate 1 of the following effects; also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Yosenju" monsters.\r\n● Add 1 Level 5 or higher "Yosenju" monster from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● Place 1 "Yosenju Shinchu L" and 1 "Yosenju Shinchu R" from your Deck in your Pendulum Zones, but destroy them during your opponent\'s next End Phase.')
('Wing Egg Elf', 'This fairy in an eggshell uses massive wings to blow back almost any projectile attack.')
('Colossal Fighter/Assault Mode', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". When this card is Special Summoned, you can send up to 2 Warrior-Type monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard. All monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK for every Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Colossal Fighter" from your Graveyard.')
('Fossil Machine Skull Convoy', '1 Rock monster in your GY + 1 Level 7 or higher monster\r\nMust first be Special Summoned with "Fossil Fusion". While you control this Fusion Summoned card, all monsters your opponent controls lose ATK equal to their own original DEF. This card can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.')
('Celestial Double Star Shaman', '1 Tuner + 1 non-Tuner monster\r\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon up to 4 Level 2 non-Tuner monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard in Defense Position, but they have their effects negated, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Synchro Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Celestial Double Star Shaman" once per turn.')
('Elemental HERO Phoenix Enforcer', '"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix"\nMust be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Gatling Dragon', '"Barrel Dragon" + "Blowback Dragon"\r\nOnce per turn: You can toss a coin 3 times and destroy as many monsters on the field as possible, but not more than the number of heads.')
('Metalrokket Dragon', 'When a Link Monster\'s effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then destroy all your opponent\'s cards in the column this card was in. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Metalrokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Metalrokket Dragon" once per turn.')
('The Fiend Megacyber', 'If your opponent controls at least 2 more monsters than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Raidraptor - Pain Lanius', 'Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a Winged Beast-Type monster. If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 "Raidraptor" monster you control that has a Level; take damage equal to its ATK or DEF (whichever is lower, but your choice if tied), and if you do, Special Summon this card, and if you do that, this card\'s Level becomes the current Level of the targeted monster. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Pain Lanius" once per turn.')
('Command Performance', 'If you control a "Performapal" monster: Change all face-up Attack Position monsters your opponent controls to Defense Position. Monsters changed to Defense Position by this effect cannot change their battle positions until the end of the next turn.')
('Predaplant Verte Anaconda', '2 Effect Monsters\r\nYou can target 1 face-up monster on the field; it becomes DARK until the end of this turn. You can pay 2000 LP and send 1 "Fusion" or "Polymerization" Normal or Quick-Play Spell from your Deck to the GY; this effect becomes that Spell\'s effect when that card is activated, also, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Predaplant Verte Anaconda" once per turn.')
('Splendid Rose', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn: You can banish 1 Plant-Type monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; halve that target's ATK, until the end of this turn. During the Battle Phase, if this card attacked: You can banish 1 Plant-Type monster from your Graveyard; halve this card's ATK until the end of this turn, and if you do, this card can make a second attack during this Battle Phase.")
('Traptrix Sera', '1 non-Link "Traptrix" monster\r\nThis Link Summoned card is unaffected by Trap effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Traptrix Sera" once per turn, and not during the Damage Step.\r\n● If a Normal Trap Card is activated: You can Special Summon 1 "Traptrix" monster from your Deck with a different name than the cards you control.\r\n● If your other "Traptrix" monster\'s effect is activated: You can Set 1 "Hole" Normal Trap directly from the Deck.')
('Artifact Caduceus', 'You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent\'s turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. During your opponent\'s turn, each time an "Artifact" monster(s) is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card. You must control this face-up card to activate and to resolve this effect. You can only control 1 "Artifact Caduceus".')
('V Salamander', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Utopia" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can target 1 "Number C39: Utopia Ray V" you control; equip this monster you control to that target. Once per turn, while this card is equipped to a monster: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from the equipped monster; negate the equipped monster\'s effects (even after this card leaves the field or the monster becomes unaffected by card effects), and if you do, destroy all monsters your opponent controls, and if you do that, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed by this effect.')
('Exploder Dragonwing', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Dragon-Type monsters\nAt the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a monster: You can destroy that monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK the destroyed monster had on the field. This card's ATK must be greater than or equal to the ATK of that monster to activate and to resolve this effect.")
('Galaxy Trance', 'Pay 2000 LP, then target 1 "Photon" monster in your GY; Special Summon both it and 1 "Galaxy" monster from your Deck, with the same Level, both in Defense Position, and if you do, each monster\'s ATK become 2000, also their effects are negated. You can only activate 1 "Galaxy Trance" per turn. You cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters during the turn you activate this card, except "Photon" and "Galaxy" monsters.')
('Twilight Ninja Shingetsu', 'Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up "Ninja" monsters for attacks, except this one. Your opponent cannot target face-up "Ninja" monsters with card effects, except this one. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can add 1 "Ninja" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Twilight Ninja Shingetsu". You can only use this effect of "Twilight Ninja Shingetsu" once per turn.')
('Anti-Aircraft Flower', "By Tributing 1 Insect-Type monster on your side of the field, inflict 800 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.")
('Heavy Freight Train Derricrane', 'If an EARTH Machine monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, but its original ATK/DEF become halved. You can only use this effect of "Heavy Freight Train Derricrane" once per turn. If this card is detached from an Xyz Monster and sent to the GY to activate that monster\'s effect: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Venom Cobra', 'Hard scales cover all parts of this gigantic cobra. It hunts by shooting out massive amounts of venom, but because of its large size, its attack pattern is easily predicted.')
('Teleport', 'Once per turn, if your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can pay 800 Life Points to Special Summon 1 Psychic-Type monster from your hand.')
('Amorphage Gluttony', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nWhile you control an "Amorphage" monster, monsters cannot activate their effects, except "Amorphage" monsters. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.')
('Defenders Intersect', 'Activate only during the Battle Phase. Defense Position monsters your opponent controls are changed to face-up Attack Position, and their effects are negated.')
('Striping Partner', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by the following effect. If the effect activation of a monster you control is negated (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\nWhen this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Striping Partner" once per turn.')
('Thunder of Ruler', "During your opponent's Standby Phase: You can activate this card; there is no Battle Phase this turn.")
('Jester Confit', 'You can only control 1 "Jester Confit". You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. If Summoned this way, during your opponent\'s next End Phase: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; return both that target and this face-up card to the hand.')
('Alien Dog', 'When you Normal Summon an "Alien" monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. When you do, place 2 A-Counters on face-up monster(s) your opponent controls.')
('Fallen of Albaz', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can discard 1 card; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters on either field as Fusion Material, including this card, but you cannot use other monsters you control as Fusion Material. You can only use this effect of "Fallen of Albaz" once per turn.')
('Fortune Fairy Swee', 'When you draw this card: You can reveal it; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; banish it until the Standby Phase of your next turn. You can only use each effect of "Fortune Fairy Swee" once per turn.')
('Warrior Elimination', 'Destroy all Warrior monsters on the field.')
('Return of the Six Samurai', 'Target 1 "Six Samurai" monster in your GY; Special Summon that target. Destroy it during the End Phase of this turn.')
('Spiritual Beast Tamer Winda', 'If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card (by battle or card effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Ritual Beast" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only Special Summon "Spiritual Beast Tamer Winda(s)" once per turn.')
("Nature's Reflection", 'During this turn, any effect activated by your opponent that would inflict damage becomes an effect that inflicts damage to their Life Points.')
('Laval Warrior', 'When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the destroyed monster. You must have 4 or more "Laval" monsters with different names in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Elder of the Six Samurai', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Remote Rebirth', "Target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon it in an opponent's Main Monster Zone your Link Monster points to.")
('Zombie Mammoth', 'Destroy this card if you do not have a Zombie-Type monster in your Graveyard. When this face-up card is destroyed, inflict damage to its controller equal to its original ATK.')
('Zero Gardna', "You can Tribute this card to activate its effect. If you do, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, and you take no Battle Damage, during this turn. This effect can be activated during either player's turn.")
('Volcanic Shell', 'Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP; add 1 "Volcanic Shell" from your Deck to your hand. This card must be in the GY to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Shinato, King of a Higher Plane', 'This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Shinato\'s Ark". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 8 or more from the field or your hand. When this card destroys a Defense Position monster and sends it to the Graveyard as a result of battle, inflict damage to your opponent\'s Life Points equal to the original ATK of the destroyed monster.')
('Kaminote Blow', 'Activate only if there is at least 1 face-up "Chu-Ske the Mouse Fighter", "Monk Fighter", or "Master Monk" on your side of the field. Destroy the monster(s) that battle with these monsters on your side of the field this turn, at the end of each Damage Step.')
('Noble Knight Bedwyr', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card from your Deck to the Graveyard. During either player\'s turn: You can target 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card and 1 appropriate monster on the field; equip that Equip Spell Card to that appropriate monster. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Magical Plant Mandragola', 'FLIP: Place 1 Spell Counter on each face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on.')
('Satellite Cannon', 'This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a Level 7 or lower monster. During each of your End Phases: This card gains 1000 ATK. If this card attacks, this increased ATK returns to 0, after damage calculation.')
('Moon Mirror Shield', "If the equipped monster battles your opponent's monster, during damage calculation: The equipped monster's ATK/DEF become equal to the ATK or DEF (whichever is higher) of the opponent's battling monster +100, during damage calculation only. If this face-up card is sent from the field to the GY: Pay 500 LP; place this card on either the top or bottom of your Deck.")
('Amplifier', 'Equip only to "Jinzo". While this card is equipped, the equipped monster\'s effect does not negate the effects of its controller\'s Trap Cards. When this card is removed from the field, destroy the equipped monster. This card\'s activation and effect cannot be negated.')
('Over Limit', "Pay 500 Life Points. Special Summon from both players' Graveyards as many Normal Monsters as possible with 1000 or less ATK that were destroyed by battle this turn.")
('Vampire Sorcerer', 'If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by your opponent\'s card: You can add 1 DARK "Vampire" monster or 1 "Vampire" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY; 1 DARK "Vampire" monster you Normal Summon this turn can be Summoned without Tributing.')
('Mist Valley Apex Avian', 'Once per chain, when a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can target 1 "Mist Valley" card you control; return that target to the hand, and if you do, negate the activation, and if you do that, destroy it.')
('Magic Jammer', 'When a Spell Card is activated: Discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Lunalight Leo Dancer', '"Lunalight Panther Dancer" + 2 "Lunalight" monsters\nMust be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. Once per turn, at the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a monster: You can destroy all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls.')
('Elemental HERO Clayman', "An Elemental HERO with a clay body built-to-last. He'll preserve his Elemental HERO colleagues at any cost.")
('Return', 'When your opponent adds a card(s) from the Graveyard to their hand: They must shuffle 1 of those cards into their Deck.')
('Monster Gate', 'Tribute 1 monster; excavate cards from the top of your Deck until you excavate a monster that can be Normal Summoned/Set. Special Summon it, also send the other excavated cards to the GY.')
('Ancient Gear Catapult', 'While you control no monsters: Target 1 face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" monster from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear Token" (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use 1 "Ancient Gear Catapult" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('The Calibrator', 'This card gains ATK equal to the combined Ranks of all face-up Xyz Monsters your opponent controls x 300.')
('Number C96: Dark Storm', '4 Level 3 DARK monsters\nThis card cannot be destroyed by battle, also all battle damage you take from battles involving this card is also inflicted to your opponent. If this card has "Number 96: Dark Mist" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● Once per battle, during either player\'s turn, when an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent\'s monster: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; the ATK of the opponent\'s monster becomes 0, and if it does, this card gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the opponent\'s monster.')
('Performapal Gatlinghoul', '1 "Performapal" monster + 1 Level 5 or higher DARK monster\r\nIf this card is Fusion Summoned: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card on the field, then, if this card was Fusion Summoned using a Pendulum Monster as Material, destroy 1 monster your opponent controls, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster\'s original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Gatlinghoul" once per turn.')
('Wind Effigy', 'This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a WIND Normal Monster.')
('Performapal Sky Pupil', 'During either player\'s turn: You can return 1 Level 5 or higher "Performapal" monster you control to the hand; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Sky Pupil" once per turn. If this card battles an opponent\'s monster, that monster has its effects negated until the end of the Damage Step. Before damage calculation, if this card attacked an opponent\'s monster while you control another "Performapal" monster: You can destroy that opponent\'s monster.')
('Reverse Glasses', 'Halve the ATK of all face-up monsters currently on the field, until the End Phase.')
('Gorgonic Guardian', "2 Level 3 Rock-Type monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0, and if it does, its effects are negated. These effects last until the end of this turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field with 0 ATK; destroy it.")
('The Melody of Awakening Dragon', 'Discard 1 card; add up to 2 Dragon monsters with 3000 or more ATK and 2500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.')
('Number 73: Abyss Splash', "2 Level 5 WATER monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; double this card's ATK until the end of your opponent's turn, also, any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent this turn is halved.")
("Harpie's Feather Duster", 'Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.')
('Number 29: Mannequin Cat', '2 Level 2 monsters\r\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; Special Summon it to your opponent\'s field. If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent\'s field, while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 monster with the same Type or Attribute from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can only use this effect of "Number 29: Mannequin Cat" once per turn.')
('Unformed Void', "3 Level 4 monsters\nOnce per turn, during your opponent's Main Phase: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the total ATK of all face-up Xyz Monsters your opponent currently controls (this is a Quick Effect).")
('Rilliona, the Magistus of Verre', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Add 1 "Magistus" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● Return 1 of your banished Level 4 or lower Spellcaster monsters to your GY.\r\nYou can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Magistus" monster you control; equip it with 1 "Magistus" monster from your GY, except a Level 4 monster.\r\nYou can only use each effect of "Rilliona, the Magistus of Verre" once per turn.')
('Black Thunder', 'Activate only when a "Blackwing" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard. Inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each card your opponent controls.')
('Boycotton', 'You take any battle damage your opponent would have taken from battles involving this card, instead. If this card battles, is not destroyed, and you took damage from that battle: Return this card to the hand.')
('Artifact Moralltach', "You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your GY: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn: You can destroy 1 face-up card your opponent controls.")
('Infernity Barrier', 'When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, while you control a face-up Attack Position "Infernity" monster and have no cards in your hand: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.')
('Idaten the Conqueror Star', '2 Level 5 or higher Warrior monsters\r\nIf this card is Fusion Summoned: You can add 1 Level 5 Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Idaten the Conqueror Star" once per turn. Once per turn: You can discard any number of cards; this card gains 200 ATK for each card discarded. Once per battle, during damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent\'s monster with an equal or lower Level (Quick Effect): You can make that opponent\'s monster\'s ATK 0 during that damage calculation only.')
('Vendread Battlelord', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Vendread" Ritual Spell. You can banish 1 "Vendread" card from your GY and declare 1 type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); for the rest of this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects of that type. If this Ritual Summoned card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, send 1 "Vendread" monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Vendread Battlelord" once per turn.')
('Disarmament', 'Destroy all Equip Cards on the field.')
('Granmarg the Mega Monarch', 'You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. When this card is Tribute Summoned: Target up to 2 Set cards on the field; destroy those targets. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing an EARTH monster, add this additional effect.\n● Also, draw 1 card after that.')
('Destiny HERO - Blade Master', 'During your opponent\'s Battle Phase: You can discard this card; all face-up "Destiny HERO" monsters you control gain 800 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Card of Demise', 'Draw until you have 3 cards in your hand, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, your opponent takes no damage. During the End Phase of this turn, send your entire hand to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Card of Demise" per turn. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this card.')
('Driven Daredevil', "1 Warrior-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Warrior-Type monsters\nThis card cannot be destroyed by battle when attacked by a monster with higher ATK. After damage calculation, if this card was attacked by a monster with higher ATK: Destroy the opponent's monster it battled.")
('Frost Blast of the Monarchs', 'If you control a monster with 2400 or more ATK and 1000 DEF: Target 1 Set card on the field; destroy it. You can banish this card and 1 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Set card on the field; destroy it.')
('D - Spirit', 'Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Destiny HERO" monster from your hand. You must not control any face-up "Destiny HERO" monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.')
("Phantom Knights' Rank-Up-Magic Force", 'During the Main Phase: Banish 1 or more DARK monsters from your GY, then target 1 DARK Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "The Phantom Knights", "Raidraptor", or "Xyz Dragon" Xyz Monster, whose Rank equals that of the targeted monster you control + the number of monsters banished, by using it as material, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Xyz Monsters. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.) You can only activate 1 "Phantom Knights\' Rank-Up-Magic Force" per turn.')
('Synchro Chase', 'Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the effect activations of your Synchro Monsters with "Warrior", "Synchron", or "Stardust" in their original names. If you Synchro Summon a "Warrior", "Synchron", or "Stardust" Synchro Monster: You can target 1 monster in your GY used as its material; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Synchro Chase" once per turn.')
('Ray of Hope', 'Add 2 LIGHT monsters from your Graveyard to your Deck and shuffle it.')
('Speedroid Taketomborg', 'If you control a WIND monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Speedroid" Tuner monster from your Deck, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WIND monsters. You can only Special Summon "Speedroid Taketomborg(s)" once per turn.')
('Twin-Headed Thunder Dragon', '"Thunder Dragon" + "Thunder Dragon"')
('Mask of Weakness', 'Target 1 attacking monster; that target loses 700 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Enemy Controller', "Activate 1 of these effects.\n● Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target's battle position.\n● Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase.")
('Garoozis', 'An axe-swinging beast-warrior with the head of a dragon.')
('Constellar Meteor', 'During the turn this card is activated, if an opponent\'s monster battles a "Constellar" monster, and the opponent\'s monster is not destroyed, shuffle it into the Deck at the end of the Damage Step.')
('VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon', '"VW-Tiger Catapult" + "XYZ-Dragon Cannon"\r\nMust first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; banish that target. When this card declares an attack on an opponent\'s monster: You can target the attack target; change that attack target\'s battle position. (Flip Effects are not activated.)')
('Paleozoic Pikaia', 'Discard 1 "Paleozoic" card, then draw 2 cards. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua-Type/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Gladiator Beast Dragases', '2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters\r\nIf a "Gladiator Beast" monster you control attacks, it cannot be destroyed by that battle, also your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can return this card to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters with different names from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Gladiator Beast Dragases" once per turn.')
('Chronomaly Crystal Bones', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When you do: You can Special Summon 1 "Chronomaly" monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Chronomaly Crystal Bones".')
('Sauropod Brachion', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. You can Tribute Summon this card face-up by Tributing 1 Dinosaur-Type monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. If this card is Flip Summoned: Change all other monsters on the field to face-down Defense Position. If this card is attacked, any battle damage your opponent takes from that battle is doubled.')
('Coffin Seller', "Each time a monster(s) is sent to your opponent's GY: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.")
('D/D Lilith', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects. You can only use this effect of "D/D Lilith" once per turn.\n● Target 1 "D/D" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.\n● Add 1 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.')
('Tindangle Hound', "FLIP: You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; this card gains ATK equal to that target's original ATK, then change that target to face-down Defense Position.\r\nEach monster your opponent controls loses 1000 ATK for each monster linked to it. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can target 1 face-down monster on the field; change it to face-up Defense Position.")
('Healing Wave Generator', "Once per turn, you can select another face-up monster you control to gain Life Points equal to that monster's Level x 100.")
('Gladiator Beast Samnite', 'If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, when this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can add 1 "Gladiator Beast" card from your Deck to your hand. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Deck to Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Samnite".')
('Boompoline!!', 'Activate this card by choosing 1 unused Monster Zone. If an Effect Monster is Special Summoned to that zone: Return both the monster in that zone and this card to the hand.')
('Fusion Devourer', 'When this card battles a Fusion Monster, the ATK of the Fusion Monster becomes 0 during the Damage Step only.')
('Wood Clown', 'A creature with a wicked smile and a lethal sickle.')
('Summoner Monk', 'While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed. If this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: Change this card to Defense Position. Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell; Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your Deck, but that monster cannot attack this turn.')
('Armor Exe', "This card cannot attack in the same turn it is Normal Summoned, Flip Summoned, or Special Summoned. During each of your and your opponent's Standby Phases, remove 1 Spell Counter on your side of the field. If you do not, destroy this card.")
('Drytron Fafnir', 'When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Drytron" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand, except "Draitron Fafnir". The activation and effects of Ritual Spell Cards cannot be negated. Once per turn, if a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned face-up while you control a "Drytron" monster (except during the Damage Step): You can reduce the Level of that face-up monster(s) by 1 for every 1000 ATK it has (min. 1), until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only activate 1 "Draitron Fafnir" per turn.')
('Morphtronic Bind', 'While you control a face-up "Morphtronic" monster, all Level 4 or higher monsters your opponent controls cannot attack or change their battle positions.')
('Infernity Mirage', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. If you have no cards in your hand, you can Tribute this card to select 2 "Infernity" monsters in your Graveyard. Special Summon those monsters.')
('Freed the Matchless General', 'Negate any Spell effects that target this card, and if you do, destroy that Spell Card. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Illusion Balloons', 'If a monster(s) was destroyed during this turn, while you controlled it: Excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, then you can Special Summon 1 excavated "Performapal" monster, also shuffle the rest back into your Deck.')
('Last Minute Cancel', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack while you control an Attack Position monster(s): Change all monsters you control to Defense Position. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, return any face-up "Performapal" monster you control that is destroyed by battle or card effect to the hand instead of sending it to the Graveyard.')
('Appropriate', 'Activate only when your opponent draws a card(s) outside of either Draw Phase. After that, each time your opponent draws a card(s) outside of either Draw Phase, immediately draw 2 cards.')
('Poisonous Snake Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Cobra Jar". When this Token is destroyed as a result of battle, inflict 500 points of damage to your opponent\'s Life Points.')
('Skull Flame', 'Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 "Burning Skull Head" from your hand. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. You can add 1 "Burning Skull Head" from your Graveyard to your hand instead of conducting a normal draw in your Draw Phase.')
('Svartalf of the Nordic Alfar', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Nordic" monster in your GY; add that target to your hand.')
('Commander Gottoms, Swordmaster', 'All face-up "Saber" monsters you control gain 400 ATK.')
('Disturbance Strategy', 'Your opponent shuffles their entire hand into the Deck, then draws the same number of cards.')
('Ghost of a Grudge', 'If your opponent has 8 or more cards in their Graveyard: The ATK of all monsters your opponent currently controls become 0.')
('Sectarian of Secrets', 'This wizard worships the darkness, and is served by a sinister hand that drags its enemies into oblivion.')
('Assault Mode Activate', 'Tribute 1 Synchro Monster; Special Summon 1 "/Assault Mode" monster, whose name includes the Tributed monster\'s name, from your Deck in Attack Position.')
('Defender of the Labyrinth', '2 Normal Monsters\r\nNon-Effect Monsters you control gain 500 ATK, also all Effect Monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK. If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by your opponent\'s card: You can target 1 non-Effect Monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Defender of the Labyrinth" once per turn.')
('Snipe Hunter', 'You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card on the field; roll a six-sided die, and destroy that target unless you roll a 1 or 6.')
('Dark Red Enchanter', "If this card is Normal Summoned: Place 2 Spell Counters on it. Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. Gains 300 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. Once per turn: You can remove 2 Spell Counters from this card; discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.")
('Impenetrable Attack', 'During the Battle Phase, activate 1 of these effects.\n● Target 1 monster on the field; it cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects during this Battle Phase.\n● You take no battle damage during this Battle Phase.')
('Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your Graveyard) by returning 1 "Dark World" monster you control to the hand, except "Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World". If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target, then, if this card was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent\'s card effect, look at 1 random card in your opponent\'s hand, then, if it was a monster, you can Special Summon it to your side of the field.')
('Oni Tank T-34', "An armored tank possessed by a fiend that will pursue enemies until they're crushed.")
('World Suppression', 'You can only activate this card when a Field Spell Card is activated. Negate the Field Spell Card during the turn this card is activated.')
('Dark Magician the Dragon Knight', '"Dark Magician" + 1 Dragon monster\r\nThis card\'s name becomes "Dark Magician" while on the field or in the GY. Your opponent cannot target Spells/Traps you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects.')
('Blaze Accelerator Reload', 'This card\'s name becomes "Tri-Blaze Accelerator" while in the Spell & Trap Zone. During either player\'s Main Phase: You can send 1 "Volcanic" card from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Blaze Accelerator Reload" once per turn. During either player\'s Main Phase: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; send 1 "Volcanic" card from your Deck to the Graveyard.')
('XX-Saber Ragigura', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, you can add 1 "X-Saber" monster from your Graveyard to your hand.')
('Sengenjin', 'An unstoppable savage that carries Millennium Items.')
('Performapal Extra Slinger', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nDuring your Main Phase: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each face-up Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Extra Slinger" once per turn. You cannot Pendulum Summon the turn you activate this effect.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can banish 1 card from your Extra Deck, then target 1 card in a Pendulum Zone; destroy it, and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent.')
('Cocoon Rebirth', 'You can Tribute 1 face-up "Chrysalis" monster you control to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster written in the card text of that card from either player\'s Graveyard.')
('Majespecter Supercell', 'While you have a "Majespecter" card in your Pendulum Zone, the activation and effects of other "Majespecter" cards activated on your side of the field cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can target 5 "Majespecter" cards in your Graveyard; shuffle all 5 into the Deck, then draw 1 card.')
('Void Seer', 'Target 1 "Infernoid" monster you control; that target is unaffected by the opponent\'s card effects this turn. If an "Infernoid" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by a card effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead of destroying 1 of those monsters.')
('Invitation to a Dark Sleep', "When this monster is summoned (excluding Special Summon), select 1 of your opponent's monsters. As long as this card remains face-up on the field, the selected monster cannot attack.")
('Laval Burner', 'If you have 3 or more "Laval" monsters with different names in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Diviner of the Heralds', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 Fairy monster from your Deck or Extra Deck to the GY, and if you do, increase this card\'s Level by the Level of the sent monster, until the end of this turn. If this card is Tributed: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Fairy monster from your hand or Deck, except "Diviner of the Heralds". You can only use each effect of "Diviner of the Heralds" once per turn.')
('Zombie Tiger', 'Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "Decayed Commander" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, the equipped monster gains 500 ATK/DEF. If the equipped monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: Discard 1 random card from their hand. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead.)')
('Bio Plant', 'A monster created from a major accident in an underground lab.')
('Shiranui Squiresaga', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nYou can only Special Summon "Shiranui Squiresaga(s)" once per turn. Once per turn: You can banish 1 face-up monster you control or in your GY, then apply these effects, in sequence, depending on what the monster was before it was banished, if it was any of these.\r\n● Zombie: You can have all monsters you control gain 300 ATK.\r\n● FIRE: You can destroy 1 Spell/Trap on the field.\r\n● Synchro: You can destroy 1 monster on the field.')
('Ancient Tool', 'A destructive machine discovered in the Ruins of the Ancients.')
('Gearspring Spirit', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having only Machine-Type monsters in your Graveyard (min. 1). Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0 until the End Phase.')
('Red Cocoon', 'Target 1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster you control; equip this card to it. While it is battling an opponent\'s monster, until the end of the Damage Step, negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent controls. During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can target 1 "Red Dragon Archfiend" in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.')
('Mekk-Knight Blue Sky', 'If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Blue Sky" once per turn this way. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned from the hand: You can add "Mekk-Knight" monsters with different names, except "Mekk-Knight Blue Sky", from your Deck to your hand, equal to the number of your opponent\'s cards in this card\'s column. You can only use this effect of "Mekk-Knight Blue Sky" once per turn.')
('Blossom Bombardment', "When a Plant-Type monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK in the Graveyard.")
('Battle Steer', 'A bull monster often found in the woods, it charges enemy monsters with a pair of deadly horns.')
('Blackwing - Damascus the Polar Night', 'During either player\'s turn: You can discard this card to target 1 "Blackwing" monster you control; it gains 500 ATK until the End Phase.')
('Ballista Squad', 'Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Gale Lizard', 'FLIP: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.')
('Speedroid Maliciousmagnet', 'Cannot be used as Synchro Material except for a Synchro Summon by its own effect. During your Main Phase, if this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 WIND Synchro Monster using only this card you control and that monster. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Maliciousmagnet" once per turn.')
('Performapal Thunderhino', 'Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up "Performapal" monsters for attacks, except this one. If a "Performapal" card(s) you control, except "Performapal Thunderhino", would be destroyed by battle or card effect while this card is in your Graveyard, you can banish this card instead.')
('Spiritual Beast Rampengu', 'Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" monster from your Extra Deck and send 1 "Ritual Beast" monster with the same Type as that monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only Special Summon "Spiritual Beast Rampengu(s)" once per turn.')
('Noble Knights of the Round Table', 'During your End Phase: You can activate each of these effects up to once per turn, depending on the total number of "Noble Knight" cards with different names in your Graveyard and/or you control;\n● 3 or more: Send 1 "Noble Knight" card from your Deck to the Graveyard.\n● 6 or more: Special Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster from your hand, then you can equip 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card from your hand to that monster.\n● 9 or more: Target 1 "Noble Knight" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.\n● 12: Draw 1 card.')
('Aiwass, the Magistus Spell Spirit', '1 "Magistus" monster + 1 Spellcaster monster\r\nWhile this card is an Equip Card, the equipped monster gains 1000 ATK/DEF. During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; equip this card you control to it. If this card was equipped to an opponent\'s monster by this effect, take control of the equipped monster, also it cannot activate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Aiwass, the Magistus Spell Spirit" once per turn.')
('TG-SX1', 'When a "T.G." monster you control destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Target 1 "T.G." Synchro Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.')
('Prime Material Falcon', "When an Effect Monster's effect to destroy a Spell or Trap Card(s) on the field is activated, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to negate its activation and destroy the card.")
('Egyptian God Slime', '1 Aqua monster + 1 Level 10 WATER monster\r\nMust first be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by Tributing 1 Level 10 Aqua monster with 0 ATK. This card can be treated as 3 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a monster. Cannot be destroyed by battle. Your opponent cannot target monsters you control with card effects, except "Egyptian God Slime", also their monsters cannot target monsters for attacks, except "Egyptian God Slime".')
('Awakening of the Possessed - Nefariouser Archfiend', 'You can Special Summon this card (from your hand or Deck) by sending 1 face-up Spellcaster monster and 1 face-up Level 4 or lower EARTH monster you control to the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Awakening of the Possessed - Nefariouser Archfiend" once per turn.\r\n● When this card is Special Summoned by its effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your GY, but negate its effects.\r\n● If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Spiritual Earth Art" card or 1 "Possessed" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.')
('Glass Slippers', 'If this card is equipped to a Fairy monster, it gains 1000 ATK. If this card is equipped to a non-Fairy monster, it cannot attack, also it loses 1000 ATK. If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster is destroyed: You can target 1 "Prinzessin" you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of "Glass Slippers" once per turn.')
('Doppel Token', 'This card can be used as a "Doppel Token".\n\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Hellshaddoll Void', 'FLIP: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; send 1 "Shaddoll" monster with the same Attribute from your Extra Deck to the GY, and if you do, banish the targeted monster.\r\nIf this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY equal to the number of different original Attributes on the field. You can only use 1 "Hellshaddoll Void" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Ally of Justice Thousand Arms', 'This card can attack all face-up LIGHT monsters your opponent controls once each. If this card battles a non-LIGHT monster, destroy this card before damage calculation.')
('Temperance of Prophecy', 'During your Main Phase, if you have activated a "Spellbook" Spell Card previously this turn: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher LIGHT or DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck. You cannot Special Summon another Level 5 or higher monster during the turn you activate this effect.')
('Kujakujaku', 'If this card on the field is Tributed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower WIND monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand, except "Kujakujaku". You can only use the effect of "Kujakujaku" once per turn.')
('Subterror Succession', 'Activate 1 of these effects, also, after that, Set this card face-down instead of sending it to the GY.\n● Send 1 monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY, and if you do, add 1 Flip monster from your Deck to your hand with the same Attribute, but a different name, as that monster before it was sent to the GY.\n● Send 1 Flip monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY, and if you do, add 1 monster from your Deck to your hand with the same Attribute but a lower original Level, as that monster before it was sent to the GY.\nYou can only activate 1 "Subterror Succession" per turn.')
('Portable Battery Pack', 'Select 2 "Batteryman" monsters from your Graveyard and Special Summon them in Attack Position. When this card is removed from the field, destroy those monsters. When both of those monsters have been removed from the field, destroy this card.')
('Cameraclops', "If this card attacks a face-up monster on the field, at the start of the Damage Step: Destroy that monster. Its DEF must be higher than this card's ATK to activate and to resolve this effect.")
('Alluring Mirror Split', 'When a "Harpie Lady" or "Harpie Lady Sisters" you control is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Harpie" monster from your Deck with a different original name than the destroyed monster. If this card you control is destroyed by a "Harpie" card\'s effect or your opponent\'s card effect: Target 1 "Harpie" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Alluring Mirror Split" once per turn.')
('Salamangreat Mole', 'During your Main Phase, if you Link Summoned this turn: You can Special Summon this card from your hand to your zone a Link Monster points to. If you control no monsters: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 5 "Salamangreat" cards in your GY; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 2 cards. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Mole" once per turn.')
('Harpie Lady', 'This human-shaped animal with wings is beautiful to watch but deadly in battle.')
('Armed Dragon Lightning', 'If an "Armed Dragon" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by a card effect, you can send this card to the GY instead. You can target 1 "Armed Dragon" monster you control, then activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● It gains ATK equal to its Level x 100.\r\n● Add 1 "Armed Dragon" monster from your GY to your hand with a Level less than or equal to that monster.\r\nYou can only use this effect of "Armed Dragon Lightning" once per turn.')
('SPYRAL Double Helix', '2 "SPYRAL" monsters\r\nThis card\'s name becomes "SPYRAL Super Agent" while on the field or in the GY. You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); reveal the top card of your opponent\'s Deck, and if you do, and its type matches the declared type, take 1 "SPYRAL" monster from your Deck or GY, and either add it to your hand or Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "SPYRAL Double Helix" once per turn.')
('Simorgh Onslaught', 'Discard 1 Winged Beast monster; add 2 "Simorgh" monsters with different Attributes from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY; reveal 1 Winged Beast monster in your hand, and if you do, reduce the Levels of monsters in your hand with that name by 1 for the rest of this turn (even after they are Summoned). You can only activate 1 "Simorgh Onslaught" per turn.')
('Soul Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Limit Impulse". This Token cannot be Tributed, except for a Tribute Summon.')
('Dark Master - Zorc', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Contract with the Dark Master". Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, then destroy all monsters your opponent controls if you roll 1 or 2, destroy 1 monster your opponent controls if you roll 3, 4 or 5, or destroy all monsters you control if you roll 6.')
('World Legacy - "World Ark"', 'This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "World Legacy - "World Ark"" once per turn.\r\n● If a Link Monster(s) you control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can send this card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 of those Link Monsters; Special Summon it.\r\n● If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the Extra Deck, while this Normal Summoned/Set card is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY.')
('Void Ogre Dragon', "1 DARK Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card while you have no cards in your hand: You can negate the activation and destroy it.")
('Morphtronic Magnen Bar', '● While in Attack Position: Once per turn, if you control exactly 2 other face-up Attack Position monsters, and no additional monsters, this card gains the combined ATK of the other two monsters you control until the End Phase. The other two monsters cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.\n● While in Defense Position: Monsters you control cannot attack.')
('Duelist Alliance', 'If there is a card in the Pendulum Zone: Add 1 "Pendulum" Pendulum Monster or "Pendulum" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Duelist Alliance" per turn.')
('Mist Valley Windmaster', 'Once per turn, if both players have 5 or more cards in their hand, you can activate this effect to make both players send cards from their hand to the Graveyard until they have 4 cards.')
('Drytron Nova', 'Special Summon 1 "Drytron" monster from your Deck, but destroy it during the End Phase. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, except monsters that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. You can only activate 1 "Draitron Nova" per turn.')
('Slip of Fortune', "Activate only when your opponent's monster declares an attack targeting a monster. Negate the attack and remove from play the attack target monster until the next Standby Phase.")
('Meteor Dragon', 'This dragon appeared from the sky and crashed to the earth.')
("Battlin' Boxer Glassjaw", 'When this card is targeted for an attack: Destroy this card. When this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 "Battlin\' Boxer" monster in your Graveyard, except "Battlin\' Boxer Glassjaw"; add that target to your hand.')
('Borreload Furious Dragon', '2 DARK Dragon monsters\n(Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 DARK Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but it cannot activate its effects this turn. You can only use each effect of "Borreload Furious Dragon" once per turn.')
('Dream Mirror of Joy', 'During the End Phase: You can banish this card; activate 1 "Dream Mirror of Terror" directly from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Dream Mirror of Joy" once per turn. "Dream Mirror" monsters you control cannot be targeted by your opponent\'s card effects, or their monsters\' attacks, except your "Dream Mirror" monster(s) with the highest Level. This effect is only applied while you control a LIGHT "Dream Mirror" monster.')
('The Gates of Dark World', 'All Fiend-Type monsters gain 300 ATK and DEF. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Graveyard; discard 1 Fiend-Type monster, then draw 1 card.')
('Fossil Warrior Skull King', '1 Rock monster + 1 Level 7 or higher monster\r\nMust first be Special Summoned with "Fossil Fusion". This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; discard 1 card, and if you do, Special Summon that target to your field. You can only use this effect of "Fossil Warrior Skull King" once per turn.')
('Princess Curran', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Trial of the Princesses". During your Standby Phase, inflict 600 damage to your opponent for each monster they control.')
('The Legendary Fisherman II', 'This card\'s name becomes "The Legendary Fisherman" while on the field or in the GY. While "Umi" is on the field, this card is unaffected by other monsters\' effects. If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent\'s card effect while its owner controls it: You can add 1 Level 7 WATER monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Delta Tri', "If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, select and activate 1 of these effects: \n● Select 1 appropriate Union monster in your Graveyard and equip it to this card. \n● Select 1 face-up LIGHT Machine-Type monster you control, and return it to the Deck. Then draw 1 card.")
('Two-Mouth Darkruler', 'A dinosaur with two deadly jaws, it stores electricity in its horn and releases high voltage bolts from the mouth on its back.')
('Guardian Baou', 'Cannot be Summoned unless you control a face-up "Wicked-Breaking Flamberge - Baou". When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: It gains 1000 ATK. Negate the effects of monsters destroyed by battle with this card.')
('Bloom Harmonist the Melodious Composer', '2 Fairy monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card; Special Summon 2 "Melodious" monsters with different Levels from your Deck to your zones this card points to, in Defense Position. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except "Melodious" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Bloom Harmonist the Melodious Composer" once per turn. If a "Melodious" monster this card points to attacks, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.')
('Rasterliger', '2+ monsters, except Tokens\nYou can target 1 Link Monster in either GY; this card gains ATK equal to that target\'s ATK until the end of this turn. You can Tribute any number of your monsters this card points to; destroy an equal number of cards on the field. You can only use each effect of "Rasterliger" once per turn.')
('Chain Destruction', "When a monster(s) with 2000 or less ATK is Summoned: Target 1 of them; destroy all cards with that name in its controller's hand and Main Deck.")
('Offering to the Immortals', 'When your opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack while you have 3000 or less LP: Negate the attack, and if you do, Special Summon 2 "Ceremonial Tokens" (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0), and if you do that, add 1 "Earthbound Immortal" card, "Earthbound Revival", or "Roar of the Earthbound" from your Deck to your hand. "Ceremonial Tokens" cannot be Tributed, except for a Tribute Summon of an "Earthbound Immortal" monster, and cannot be used as Synchro Material.')
('Castle Walls', 'Increase the DEF of 1 face-up monster on the field by 500 points until the end of this turn.')
('Different Dimension Dragon', 'This card cannot be destroyed by Spell/Trap effects that do not target it. This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has 1900 or less ATK.')
('Legacy Hunter', 'When this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster and destroys it and sends it to the Graveyard as a result of battle, your opponent returns 1 random card from their hand to their Deck. Their Deck is then shuffled.')
('Summon Sorceress', '2+ monsters with the same Type, except Tokens\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand in Defense Position, to your opponent\'s zone this card points to. You can target 1 face-up monster this card points to; Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck in Defense Position, with the same Type as that monster, to a zone this card points to, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Summon Sorceress" once per turn.')
('D/D Ark', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can target 1 Pendulum Summoned monster your opponent controls; destroy that monster, also this card. You can only use this effect of "D/D Ark" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, except "D/D Ark", but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "D/D Ark" once per turn.')
('Thermal Genex', '"Genex Controller" + 1 or more non-Tuner FIRE monsters\nThis card gains 200 ATK for each FIRE monster in your Graveyard. If this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle, inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each "Genex" monster in your Graveyard.')
('Storming Mirror Force', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Return all your opponent's Attack Position monsters to the hand.")
('Infinite Light', 'Activate this card by sending 1 face-up "Infinite Machine" from your Spell & Trap Zone to the GY. This face-up card cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects. Neither player can target "Timelord" monsters you control with card effects, or return "Timelord" monsters from the field to the Deck. Once per turn, if you control no monsters: You can Special Summon up to 1 "Timelord" monster each from your hand, Deck, and GY, with different names, ignoring their Summoning conditions.')
('Psi-Station', 'When a Psychic-Type monster is Normal Summoned: You can pay 500 LP; increase its Level by 1 and ATK by 300. (This remains even if this card leaves the field.)')
('Nettles', 'If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can destroy 1 face-up Plant-Type monster you control instead.')
('Boulder Tortoise', 'A stone turtle that is nearly indestructible.')
('Maiden of the Moonlight', 'A sorcerer blessed by lunar light with powers far beyond mortal comprehension.')
('Abyss Prop - Wild Wagon', 'The first time each "Abyss Actor" monster you control would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; your opponent cannot target it with card effects until the end of their turn (even if this card leaves the field). If this Set card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can return all cards your opponent controls to the hand.')
('Ancient Warriors - Masterful Sun Mou', 'While you control another "Ancient Warriors" monster, your opponent\'s monsters cannot target this card for attacks. You can only use each of the following effects of "Ancient Warriors - Masterful Sun Mou" once per turn.\r\n● You can send 1 card from your hand or field to the GY; add 1 "Ancient Warriors" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Ancient Warriors - Masterful Sun Mou".\r\n● If your other "Ancient Warriors" monster\'s effect is activated (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; return it to the hand.')
('Satellite Synchron', 'If a monster(s) is Special Summoned from your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you have a Synchro Monster with "Warrior", "Synchron", or "Stardust" in its original name on your field or GY: You can make this card\'s Level become 4 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Satellite Synchron" once per turn.')
('Reptilianne Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Reptilianne Spawn".')
('Performage Plushfire', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf a "Performage" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone, then take 500 damage. You can only use this effect of "Performage Plushfire" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Performage" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Performage Plushfire".')
('Quarantine', 'Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; reveal it, then return it to its original position.')
('Level Limit - Area B', 'Change all face-up Level 4 or higher monsters to Defense Position.')
('Shiranui Style Synthesis', 'Once per turn, if you control no monsters: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, then activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Target 1 Zombie-Type monster with 0 DEF in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.\r\n● Target 1 of your banished Zombie-Type monsters with 0 DEF; return it to the Graveyard.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Shiranui Style Synthesis" per turn.')
('Overlay Owl', 'Once per turn: You can pay 600 Life Points; detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster on the field.')
('House Dragonmaid', '1 "Dragonmaid" monster + 1 Dragon monster\r\nOnce per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can target 1 other "Dragonmaid" monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY in Defense Position, whose Level is 1 higher or 1 lower than it. When another face-up Dragon monster(s) you control returns to your hand (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.')
('Orcust Harp Horror', 'You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Orcust" monster from your Deck, except "Orcust Harp Horror", also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters. You can only use this effect of "Orcust Harp Horror" once per turn.')
('Veil of Darkness', 'During your Draw Phase, if you draw a DARK monster(s): You can reveal any number of them; send them to the GY, then you can draw 1 more card.')
('Malicevorous Fork', 'You can send 1 other Fiend-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your hand.')
('Fusion Recovery', 'Target 1 "Polymerization" in your GY, and 1 monster in your GY that was used as material for a Fusion Summon; add them to your hand.')
('Madolche Petingcessoeur', 'If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card and sent to your GY: Shuffle this card into the Deck. You can only use each of the following effects of "Madolche Petingcessoeur" once per turn.\r\n● If you have no monsters in your GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.\r\n● If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Madolche" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Madolche Petingcessoeur", and if you do, reduce its Level by 1, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Madolche" monsters.')
('Moisture Creature', "If you Tribute Summon this monster by Tributing 3 monsters on the field, destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on your opponent's side of the field.")
('Crystal Abundance', 'Send 4 "Crystal Beast" cards from your Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard; send all cards on the field to the Graveyard, then Special Summon as many "Crystal Beast" monsters as possible from your Graveyard, up to the number of cards your opponent controlled that were sent to the Graveyard by this card\'s effect.')
('Evil★Twins Ki-sikil & Lil-la', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or GY) by Tributing 2 Link Monsters. If this card is Special Summoned: You can activate this effect; if your opponent controls 3 or more cards, they must send cards to the GY so they control 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Evil★Twins Ki-sikil & Lil-la" once per turn. While you have a "Ki-sikil" monster in your GY and you have a "Lil-la" monster in your GY, this card gains 2200 ATK/DEF.')
('Zenmailstrom', 'Tribute 1 "Wind-Up" monster with 1500 or more ATK; Special Summon 1 "Wind-Up" monster from your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 "Wind-Up" monster from your Deck with the same ATK as the monster Special Summoned by this effect.')
('Dimension Distortion', 'You can only activate this card if there are no cards in your Graveyard. Select 1 removed from play monster and Special Summon it on your side of the field.')
('Ancient Gear Workshop', 'Target 1 "Ancient Gear" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Orca Mega-Fortress of Darkness', 'By Tributing 1 "Torpedo Fish" on your side of the field, destroy 1 monster on the field. By Tributing 1 "Cannonball Spear Shellfish" on your side of the field, destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.')
('Gaia The Fierce Knight', 'A knight whose horse travels faster than the wind. His battle-charge is a force to be reckoned with.')
('Stardust Warrior', '1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters\nDuring either player\'s turn, if your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s): You can Tribute this card; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s). During the End Phase, if this effect was activated this turn (and was not negated): You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this face-up card you control leaves the field because of an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 8 or lower "Warrior" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Synchro Summon.)')
('Silent Magician LV4', 'Each time your opponent draws a card(s), place 1 Spell Counter on this card (max. 5). This card gains 500 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. During the Standby Phase of your next turn after the 5th Spell Counter is placed on this card: You can send this face-up card with 5 Spell Counters on it to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Silent Magician LV8" from your hand or Deck.')
('Lemuria, the Forgotten City', 'This card\'s name is treated as "Umi". All WATER monsters gain 200 ATK and DEF. Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can have all WATER monsters you currently control gain Levels equal to the number of WATER monsters you currently control, until the End Phase.')
('Vylon Prism', 'If this card is sent from the Monster Card Zone to the Graveyard: You can pay 500 Life Points, then target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. If the equipped monster attacks or is attacked: It gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only.')
('Grozer the Thunderclap Tyrant', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner Fiend monsters\r\nDuring your opponent\'s Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Effect Monster on the field; discard 1 monster, and if you do, negate the targeted monster\'s effects until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Grozer the Thunderclap Tyrant" once per turn. If a Fiend monster(s) is sent from the hand to your GY: You can apply 1 of these effects to this card until the end of this turn.\r\n● Cannot be destroyed by battle.\r\n● Cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects.\r\n● Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects.')
('Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights', '2 Warrior monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon monsters with that name, nor activate their monster effects. You can send any number of Equip Spells with different names from your Deck to the GY; Special Summon 1 Warrior monster from your Deck, whose Level equals the number of cards sent to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights" once per turn.')
('Vendread Nightmare', 'Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 or more "Vendread" monsters from your hand and/or field, then target 1 face-up monster you control; increase its Level by the number of monsters Tributed, until the end of this turn. When your attacking "Vendread" Ritual Monster destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can have your monster gain 1000 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Vendread Nightmare" once per turn.')
('Latency', 'If this card is added from your GY to your hand by a card effect: You can Special Summon it from your hand. If this card Summoned this way is sent to the GY as Link Material: You can draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Latency" once per turn.')
("Gravekeeper's Ambusher", 'When this card is flipped face-up: You can target 1 card in your opponent\'s GY; place that target on the bottom of their Deck. If this card is sent from the field to the GY after being flipped face-up: You can target 1 "Necrovalley" card in your GY; add that target to your hand. These effects are unaffected by "Necrovalley".')
('Evil HERO Malicious Edge', 'If your opponent controls a monster, you can Tribute Summon this card face-up with 1 Tribute. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.')
('Life Absorbing Machine', 'During your Standby Phase, gain Life Points equal to half of the total Life Points you paid during your last turn.')
('Amaterasu', "Cannot be Normal or Special Summoned. During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets this face-down monster: You can change this card to face-up Defense Position; draw 1 card. If this card is flipped face-up: Banish all other cards on the field. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.")
('Spiritual Wind Art - Miyabi', 'Tribute 1 WIND monster, then target 1 card your opponent controls; place that card on the bottom of the Deck.')
('Chakra', 'You can Ritual Summon this card with "Resurrection of Chakra".')
('Tellarknight Genesis', 'Destroy Spell/Trap Cards on the field equal to the number of other "tellarknight" cards you control.')
('Ignition Phoenix', 'All "Igknight" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK and DEF. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Igknight" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, add 1 "Igknight" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Mekk-Knight Crusadia Avramax', "2+ monsters Special Summoned from the Extra Deck\r\nWhile this Link Summoned card is on the field, your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also their monsters cannot target monsters for attacks, except this one. Once per battle, during damage calculation, if this card battles a Special Summoned monster (Quick Effect): You can make this card gain ATK equal to that opponent's monster's ATK during that damage calculation only. If this Link Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent's card: You can shuffle 1 card on the field into the Deck.")
('Morpheus, the Dream Mirror Black Knight', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dream Mirror" monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. During the Main or Battle Phase, if "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Morpheus, the Dream Mirror White Knight" from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Morpheus, the Dream Mirror Black Knight" once per turn.')
('Madolche Chouxvalier', 'When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into your Deck. Your opponent cannot target face-up "Madolche" monsters for attacks, except "Madolche Chouxvalier".')
('Shiranui Spiritmaster', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Shiranui" monster from your hand or GY, except "Shiranui Spiritmaster", but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is banished: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Spiritmaster" once per turn.')
('Numeron Chaos Ritual', 'If a face-up "Number C1: Numeron Chaos Gate Sunya" you control was destroyed by a monster effect this turn: Target 1 of your "Numeron Network" and 4 of your "Number" Xyz Monsters that are banished and/or in your GY; Special Summon 1 "Number C1000: Numeronius" from your Extra Deck, and if you do, its ATK/DEF become 10000/1000, attach all 5 targeted cards to it as material, also you can only Normal or Special Summon once for the rest of this turn.')
('Lady Panther', 'Tribute this face-up card to return 1 of your monsters destroyed as a result of battle during this turn to the top of your Deck.')
('Chain Detonation', 'Inflict 500 damage to your opponent. If this card was activated as Chain Link 2 or 3, add this card to the Deck and shuffle it. If this card was activated as Chain Link 4 or higher, return this card to the hand.')
('Speedburst Dragon', 'When you take effect damage (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then inflict damage to your opponent equal to the damage you took, and if you do, you gain LP equal to half that damage you inflicted. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can add 2 "Rokket" monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Speedburst Dragon" once per turn.')
('Plunder Patrollship Brann', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nAll other Fiend monsters you control gain 500 ATK. You can discard 1 "Plunder Patroll" card, then target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; banish it, then you can add 1 "Plunder Patroll" monster from your Deck to your hand. This is a Quick Effect if this card is equipped with a "Plunder Patroll" card. You can only use this effect of "Plunder Patrollship Brann" once per turn.')
('Number C101: Silent Honor DARK', '3 Level 5 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; attach it to this card as a face-up Xyz Material. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard while it has Xyz Material: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard, then gain LP equal to the original ATK of this card. "Number 101: Silent Honor ARK" must be in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect. If this card is Special Summoned this way, it cannot attack for the rest of this turn.')
('Orea, the Sylvan High Arbiter', '2 Level 7 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can send 1 Plant-Type monster from your hand or face-up from your side of the field to the Graveyard; look at a number of cards from the top of your Deck equal to the Level that the sent monster had in the hand or on the field, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; choose a number from 1 to 3, then excavate that many cards from the top of your Deck, send any excavated Plant-Type monsters to the Graveyard, and if you do, return up to that many cards on the field to the hand (min.1), except this card. Also, place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order.')
('Dark Magical Circle', 'When this card is activated: Look at the top 3 cards of your Deck, then you can reveal 1 "Dark Magician" or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists the card "Dark Magician" in its text, among them, and add it to your hand, also place the remaining cards on top of your Deck in any order. If "Dark Magician" is Normal or Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card your opponent controls; banish it. You can only use each effect of "Dark Magical Circle" once per turn.')
('Turtle Raccoon', 'A cunning raccoon protected by a solid turtle shell, it attacks with deception.')
('Degrade Buster', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 Cyberse monsters from your GY. You can target 1 monster your opponent controls with higher ATK than this card (Quick Effect); banish it until the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Degrade Buster" once per turn.')
('Sacred Crane', 'If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card.')
('Call of the Atlanteans', 'Target 3 Level 3 or lower Sea Serpent-Type monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon all 3 of them. You cannot Special Summon any other monsters during the turn you activate this card.')
('Naturia Fruitfly', 'All face-up monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK and DEF for each face-up "Naturia" monster you control. Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls with 0 DEF, and take control of it until the End Phase.')
('Asceticism of the Six Samurai', 'Target 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Six Samurai" monster from your Deck with the same ATK but a different name, and if you do, destroy it during the End Phase of this turn.')
('Sky Scourge Enrise', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play 3 LIGHT Fairy-Type monsters and 1 DARK Fiend monster in your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 face-up monster on the field. If you activate this effect, this card cannot attack during this turn.')
('Retaliating "C"', 'During either player\'s turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card that includes an effect that Special Summons a monster(s): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If Summoned this way, while this card is face-up on the field, any card sent to the Graveyard is banished instead. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 EARTH Insect-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand, except "Retaliating "C"".')
('Great Angus', 'A very violent beast, it is always berserk. People say that they have never seen it silent.')
('The Wicked Avatar', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set except by Tributing 3 monsters. Your opponent cannot activate Spell or Trap Cards until the end of their 2nd turn after this card is Normal Summoned. The ATK and DEF of this card are each 100 points higher than the highest face-up monster\'s ATK on the field (except "The Wicked Avatar").')
('Card of Safe Return', 'When a monster is Special Summoned from your Graveyard, you can draw 1 card.')
('Bujingi Wolf', 'Other Beast, Beast-Warrior, and Winged Beast-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Fossil Tusker', "When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict 400 damage to your opponent.")
('Qliphort Carrier', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All "Qli" monsters you control gain 300 ATK.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card\'s current Level. If this card is Tributed: You can target 1 monster on the field; return it to the hand.')
('Crystron Halqifibrax', '2 monsters, including a Tuner\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Tuner from your hand or Deck in Defense Position, but it cannot activate its effects this turn. During your opponent\'s Main Phase or Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can banish this card you control; Special Summon 1 Tuner Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Synchro Summon.) You can only use each effect of "Crystron Halqifibrax" once per turn.')
('Shield Handler', "When a card or effect is activated that would destroy a monster on the field (except during the Damage Step): Target 1 Link Monster on each field; negate the effects of your opponent's targeted monster, and if you do, equip this card to your targeted monster. The equipped monster cannot be destroyed by card effects.")
('Dark Scorpion Burglars', 'When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Your opponent sends 1 Spell Card from their Deck to the Graveyard.')
('Evil HERO Inferno Wing', '"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix"\nMust be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to either the ATK or DEF (whichever is higher) of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.')
('Nomadic Force', "When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Tribute this card to target 1 face-down Defense Position monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.")
('Battlewasp - Hama the Conquering Bow', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card was Synchro Summoned using a Synchro Monster as material, it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. You can only use each of the following effects of "Battlewasp - Hama the Conquering Bow" once per turn.\r\n● When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can make all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 1000 ATK/DEF.\r\n● At the end of your Battle Phase, if your opponent has not taken any battle damage this Phase: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each "Battlewasp" monster in your GY.')
('Dinowrestler Capoeiraptor', 'This Attack Position card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is attacked, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step. During the Standby Phase, if this card is in Defense Position: You can Special Summon 1 "Dinowrestler Capoeiraptor" from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Capoeiraptor" once per turn.')
('Mamemaki', "Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; discard cards equal to that monster's Level, and if you do, draw the same number of cards you discarded, then return that monster to the hand.")
('Wrecker Panda', "Once per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can pay 500 LP; send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to that monster's Level x 200 if it was a monster. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can add 1 monster with the lowest Level from your Graveyard to your hand (your choice, if tied).")
('Grandram', 'If your opponent controls a face-up Xyz Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in face-up Attack Position.')
('Predaplant Pterapenthes', "When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; place 1 Predator Counter on it, and if it is Level 2 or higher, it becomes Level 1 as long as it has a Predator Counter. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls with a Level less than or equal to this card's; take control of it until the End Phase.")
('Oracle of Zefra', 'When this card is activated: Add 1 "Zefra" monster from your Deck to your hand. When you Ritual Summon using a "Zefra" monster, or Special Summon using a "Zefra" monster as Material, you can activate these effects depending on the monster Summoned, once per turn per effect:\n● Ritual: Shuffle 1 monster on the field into the Deck.\n● Fusion: Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.\n● Synchro: Choose 1 monster from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.\n● Xyz: Draw 1 card, then discard 1 card.\nYou can only activate 1 "Oracle of Zefra" per turn.')
('Spell of Mask', 'Activate the following Skill(s).\r\n● If a Ritual Summoned "The Masked Beast" you control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect, you can Special Summon "Masked Beast Des Gardius" from your hand, Deck or GY, ignoring its Summoning conditions.\r\n● You can Tribute 1 "Masked Beast Des Gardius", then add 1 "The Masked Beast" and 1 "Curse of the Masked Beast" from your Deck and/or GY to your hand.\r\nEach of these Skills can only be used once per Duel.')
('The Bistro Butcher', 'When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, your opponent draws 2 cards.')
('Forbidden Dress', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; until the end of this turn, that target loses 600 ATK, but cannot be targeted or destroyed by other card effects.')
('Krokodilus', 'A vicious crocodile with great intelligence.')
('Junk Destroyer', '"Junk Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target cards on the field, up to the number of non-Tuner monsters used for the Synchro Summon of this card; destroy those targets.')
('Pandemonium', 'Neither player has to pay Life Points during the Standby Phase for "Archfiend" monsters. Each time a player\'s "Archfiend" monster(s) is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, except by battle, that player can add 1 "Archfiend" monster from their Deck to their hand that is a lower Level than the destroyed card.')
('Kamion, the Timelord', "Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Shuffle 1 card your opponent controls into the Deck, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.")
('Rock Band Xenoguitar', 'If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 Rock monster in your GY, except "Rock Band Xenoguitar"; add it to your hand, then place 1 card from your hand on top of the Deck. If this card is banished from the field or GY: You can send 1 Rock monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Rock Band Xenoguitar" once per turn.')
('Cyber Barrier Dragon', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Attack Reflector Unit". Once per turn, while this card is in Attack Position, your opponent\'s next attack is negated.')
('The Paths of Destiny', "Both players toss a coin once. If a player's result is Heads, they gain 2000 Life Points, and if their result is Tails, they take 2000 damage.")
('Fusion Sword Murasame Blade', 'Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. It gains 800 ATK. While equipped to a monster, this card cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Abyss-squall', 'Target 3 "Mermail" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets in face-up Defense Position. Their effects are negated and they cannot declare an attack. Destroy them during the End Phase.')
('Huaquero of the Golden Land', 'Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Zombie/LIGHT/Level 5/ATK 1800/DEF 1500) (this card is also still a Trap), then, if you control "Eldlich the Golden Lord", you can banish 1 card from either GY. During the End Phase: You can banish this card from your GY; Set 1 "Eldlixir" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck. You can only use 1 "Huaquero of the Golden Land" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Wind-Up Zenmaintenance', '2 "Wind-Up" monsters\r\nIf this card is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Wind-Up" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as material. You can only use each of the following effects of "Wind-Up Zenmaintenance" once per turn.\r\n● If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Wind-Up" card from your Deck to your hand.\r\n● You can banish 1 face-up "Wind-Up" monster you control, face-down; Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck with the same name that card had on the field.')
('Evilswarm Mandragora', 'If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Light of Judgment', 'If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field: Discard 1 LIGHT monster to the GY; apply 1 of the following effects.\r\n● Look at your opponent\'s hand and discard 1 card from their hand.\r\n● Send 1 card your opponent controls to the GY.')
('Book of Moon', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; change that target to face-down Defense Position.')
('The Dark - Hex-Sealed Fusion', 'You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster, but the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be correct. You can Tribute Fusion Material Monsters on the field, including this face-up card; Special Summon 1 corresponding DARK Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.')
("True King's Return", 'If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. You cannot activate the following effects of "True King\'s Return" in the same Chain.\r\n● You can target 1 "True Draco" or "True King" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon.\r\n● During your opponent\'s Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Tribute Summon 1 "True Draco" or "True King" monster face-up.\r\nYou can only use each effect of "True King\'s Return" once per turn.')
('Negate Attack', "When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate the attack, then end the Battle Phase.")
('Tutan Mask', 'When a Spell/Trap Card is activated that targets exactly 1 Zombie monster on the field (and no other cards): Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.')
('Lunalight Sabre Dancer', '3 "Lunalight" monsters\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned. Gains 200 ATK for each Beast-Warrior monster that is banished or in the GYs. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Fusion Monster you control; it gains 3000 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Sabre Dancer" once per turn.')
('Cynet Cascade', 'If you Link Summon a Link Monster: Target 1 monster in your GY used for that Link Summon; Special Summon it.')
('Goyo King', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters\r\nWhen this card declares an attack on an opponent's monster: This card gains 400 ATK for each EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monster you control, until the end of the Damage Step. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can activate 1 of these effects;\r\n● Special Summon that monster to your side of the field.\r\n● Take control of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.")
('Defense Zone', "For each monster a player controls in their Main Monster Zone, their Spells/Traps in the same column as that monster cannot be destroyed by their opponent's card effects, and their opponent cannot target them with card effects.")
('Thousand Dragon', '"Time Wizard" + "Baby Dragon"')
('Twilight Ninja Jogen', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf your "Ninja" monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nYou can reveal 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card in your hand; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.')
('Crystal Release', 'Equip only to a "Crystal Beast" monster. It gains 800 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can place 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Spell.')
('Gem-Elephant', 'During your Main Phase: You can return this face-up card on the field to the hand. During damage calculation, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can send 1 Normal Monster from your hand to the Graveyard; this card gains 1000 DEF.')
('Performapal Miss Director', 'While you control an "Odd-Eyes" monster, your opponent\'s monsters cannot target this card for attacks. While this card is in Defense Position, your "Odd-Eyes" monsters cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no battle damage from that battle. You can target 1 Level 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but negate its effects (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using only that monster and this card. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Miss Director" once per turn.')
('Interceptomato', "During your opponent's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; this turn, any effect damage you take becomes 0 (this is a Quick Effect).")
('Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet', 'All "Chronomaly" monsters you control gain 800 ATK.')
('Tindangle Jhrelth', 'FLIP: You can take 1 Flip monster from your Deck, except "Tindangle Jhrelth", and either add it to your hand or send it to the GY.\nIf this card is in your hand: You can discard 1 other card; send 1 "Tindangle" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Tindangle Jhrelth", and if you do, Special Summon this card in face-down Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Tindangle Jhrelth" once per turn.')
('Prank-Kids Battle Butler', '"Prank-Kids Lampsies" + "Prank-Kids Dropsies" + "Prank-Kids Fansies"\r\nMust be Fusion Summoned. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; destroy all monsters your opponent controls. If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by your opponent\'s card: You can target 1 non-Fusion Monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Battle Butler" once per turn.')
('Destructotron', 'During the End Phase, if this card is the only Psychic-Type monster you control: Destroy it. You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Bujin Mikazuchi', 'When a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or by card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if a "Bujin" monster(s) was sent from your hand to your Graveyard this turn while you controlled this face-up card: You can add 1 "Bujin" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only control 1 "Bujin Mikazuchi".')
('Advance Force', 'You can Tribute 1 Level 5 or higher monster to Tribute Summon a Level 7 or higher monster.')
('Urgent Schedule', 'If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower and 1 Level 5 or higher EARTH Machine monsters from your Deck in Defense Position, but negate their effects. You cannot declare attacks the turn you activate this card, except with Machine monsters. If this Set card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 Level 10 Machine monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Urgent Schedule" once per turn.')
('Guarded Treasure', 'Activate this card by discarding 5 cards; draw 2 cards. While this card is on the field, draw 2 cards instead of 1 for your normal draw during your Draw Phase.')
('Message in a Bottle', "Target 3 monsters with different Levels in your Graveyard; Special Summon all 3 of them. Their ATK's become 0, also their effects are negated. If you do not Xyz Summon this turn after Summoning those 3 monsters, you lose 4000 Life Points during the End Phase. You cannot Special Summon any other monsters, except by Xyz Summon, during the turn you activate this card.")
('Immortal Phoenix Gearfried', 'You can banish 1 Equip Spell from your field or GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks: You can equip 1 face-up monster on the field to this card (max. 1) as an Equip Spell that gives this card 500 ATK. When a monster effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can send 1 face-up Equip Card you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Immortal Phoenix Gearfried" once per turn.')
('Blessings of the Nile', 'Each time card(s) are discarded from your hand to the Graveyard by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, increase your Life Points by 1000 points.')
('Destiny HERO - Drilldark', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your hand with ATK less than or equal to this card\'s ATK on the field. You can only use this effect of "Destiny HERO - Drilldark" once per turn. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Crystolic Potential', 'All "Crystron" monsters you control gain 300 ATK and DEF. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can draw cards equal to the number of "Crystron" Synchro Monsters you Synchro Summoned this turn.')
('Kaminari Attack', '"Ocubeam" + "Mega Thunderball"')
('Stand In', 'Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY with the same original Type and Attribute; Special Summon it to your field. You can only activate 1 "Stand In" per turn.')
('White Howling', "If you control a WATER monster: Target 1 Spell in your opponent's GY; banish it, and if you do, for the rest of this turn negate all Spell effects on your opponent's field.")
('Metaphys Tyrant Dragon', 'If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Metaphys" monster, it is unaffected by Trap effects, also if it attacks a monster, it can make a second attack in a row. If this card is banished, during the Standby Phase of the next turn: You can shuffle this banished card into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Metaphys" monster from your hand, but banish it during the End Phase of the next turn.')
('Codebreaker Virus Swordsman', '2 Effect Monsters\nWhen this card is Special Summoned, if it is co-linked: You can Special Summon 1 "Codebreaker Zero Day" from your hand, Deck, or GY, to any zone a Link Monster points to. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed, while in your possession, by an opponent\'s card and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Codebreaker Virus Swordsman" once per turn.')
("Witch's Apprentice", 'As long as this card remains face-up on the field, increase the ATK of all DARK monsters by 500 points and decrease the ATK of all LIGHT monsters by 400 points.')
('Machina Possesstorage', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Machina" monster in your GY, except "Machina Possesstorage"; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but it cannot activate its effects this turn. You can target 1 other "Machina" monster you control and 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; return them to the hand. You can only use each effect of "Machina Possesstorage" once per turn.')
('Arc Rebellion Xyz Dragon', '3 Level 5 monsters\r\nThis Xyz Summoned card cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can detach 1 material from this card; you can only declare an attack with this card for the rest of this turn, also this card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of all other face-up monsters on the field, then, if this card has a DARK Xyz Monster as material, negate the effects of all other face-up monsters on the field. You can only use this effect of "Arc Rebellion Xyz Dragon" once per turn.')
('Cyber Dragon Zwei', 'If this card attacks an opponent\'s monster, it gains 300 ATK during the Damage Step only. Once per turn: You can reveal 1 Spell in your hand; this card\'s name becomes "Cyber Dragon" until the End Phase. This card\'s name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while in the GY.')
('Condemned Darklord', '2 Fairy monsters\r\nYou can Tribute Summon Fairy monsters that require 2 Tributes by banishing 2 monsters from your GY instead of Tributing (it is still treated as a Tribute Summon). You can discard 1 card; take 1 "Darklord" monster from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or send it to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Condemned Darklord" once per turn. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Gain 500 LP for each Fairy monster on the field.')
('Sky Striker Maneuver - Jamming Waves!', 'If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zone: Target 1 Set Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it, then, if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY, you can destroy 1 monster on the field.')
('Number 90: Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord', '2 Level 8 monsters\nIf this card has a "Photon" card as material, it cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Number 90: Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord" once per turn.\n● When an opponent\'s monster activates its effect (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; negate that monster\'s effect, and if the detached material was a "Galaxy" card, destroy that card.\n● During your opponent\'s turn (Quick Effect): You can take 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" card from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or attach it to this card as material.')
('Insect Shinobi Hagakuremino', '2 monsters with different names\r\nWhile this card points to a monster, your opponent\'s monsters cannot target this card for attacks. If a monster(s) this card points to is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Insect monster from your hand or GY, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Insect Shinobi Hagakuremino" once per turn.')
('Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe', '1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Blackwing" monsters\nYou can target 1 Level 5 or higher Winged Beast-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. During either player\'s turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets only this card, or when your opponent targets this card for an attack: You can target 1 other "Blackwing" monster you control that would be an appropriate target; that card/effect/attack now targets the new target. You can only use each effect of "Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe" once per turn.')
('Psychic Ace', 'If this card in the Monster Zone is Tributed: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.')
("Ice Wind's Refrain", 'Activate 1 of these effects.\r\n● Target 1 "Windwitch" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position.\r\n● When your opponent activates a card or effect in response to the activation of your "Windwitch" monster\'s effect: You can negate that opponent\'s effect.\r\nYou can only activate 1 "Ice Wind\'s Refrain" per turn.')
('Reversal of Fate', 'Select 1 "Arcana Force" monster you control. That monster\'s effect is now treated as the opposite coin toss result.')
('Vylon Epsilon', '1 LIGHT Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nEquip Cards equipped to this card cannot be targeted by cards or effects. Once per turn: You can send 1 Equip Card equipped to this card to the Graveyard to target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Iron Chain Blaster', 'Once per turn, you can send 1 "Iron Chain" monster you control to the Graveyard to inflict 800 damage to your opponent.')
('Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume', 'You can banish 2 "Six Samurai" monsters from your GY and/or face-up from your field, then target 1 "Six Samurai" monster in your GY, except "Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume" once per turn. If exactly 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('Dragoness the Wicked Knight', '"Armaill" + "One-Eyed Shield Dragon"')
('Ghostrick Dullahan', '2 Level 1 monsters\nThis card gains 200 ATK for each "Ghostrick" card you control. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; halve its ATK, until the end of this turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 other "Ghostrick" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.')
('Miracle Kids', 'Target 1 monster your opponent controls; that target loses 400 ATK for each "Hero Kid" in your Graveyard, until the End Phase.')
('Ryu-Kishin', 'A very elusive creature that looks like a harmless statue until it attacks.')
('Rocket Jumper', "If the only cards on your opponent's side of the field are Defense Position monsters, this card can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.")
("Archfiend's Manifestation", '"Summoned Skull" + 1 DARK monster\nThis card\'s name becomes "Summoned Skull" on the field, but is still treated as an "Archfiend" card. All "Summoned Skull" you control gain 500 ATK. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent\'s card: You can Special Summon 1 "Summoned Skull" from your hand, Deck, or GY.')
('Spiritual Light Art - Hijiri', "Tribute 1 LIGHT monster to target 1 banished monster; your opponent can reveal 1 Trap Card from their hand to negate this card's effect, otherwise you Special Summon that monster.")
('Dust Storm of Gusto', 'Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects when "Gusto" monsters you control declare their attacks this turn.')
('Destruction Swordsman Fusion', 'Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster that lists "Buster Blader" as Material from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or either side of the field as Fusion Materials. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Destruction Swordsman Fusion" once per turn.')
('Steelswarm Longhorn', 'Once per turn, if this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Steelswarm" monster(s): You can pay 1000 Life Points to target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Ghostrick-Go-Round', 'Once per turn, during the Battle Phase: You can activate 1 of these effects.\n● Target 1 "Ghostrick" monster you control; change that target to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, change 1 face-down Defense Position monster your opponent controls to face-up Attack Position.\n● Target 1 face-down Defense Position monster you control; change that target to face-up Attack Position, and if it is a "Ghostrick" monster, change 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position.')
('Invoked Magellanica', '"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 EARTH monster')
('Smoke Mosquito', 'During damage calculation, if you would take battle damage from an opponent\'s monster\'s attack (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, the damage you take from that battle is halved, also end the Battle Phase after the Damage Step. You can target 1 face-up monster you control; this card\'s Level becomes the same as that monster\'s, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Smoke Mosquito" once per turn.')
('Tenma the Sky Star', 'If only your opponent controls a monster, or if you control an EARTH monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 EARTH Warrior monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Tenma the Sky Star" once per turn. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a Warrior monster you control (Quick Effect): You can make this card lose exactly 500 ATK, and if you do, negate the activation, and if you do that, destroy that card.')
("Sekka's Light", 'If you have no Spells/Traps in your GY: Draw 2 cards, also, for the rest of this Duel after you activate this card, you cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards or effects, except "Sekka\'s Light". You can banish this card from your GY; reveal 1 monster in your hand, shuffle it into the Deck, then, draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Sekka\'s Light" once per turn.')
('Ib the World Chalice Priestess', '2 monsters with different Types and Attributes\r\nThis linked card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Your opponent cannot target this linked card with card effects. If a monster(s) this card points to would be destroyed by a card effect, you can send this card to the GY instead. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "World Chalice" monster from your hand.')
('D/D/D Chaos King Apocalypse', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou can banish 2 "D/D" monsters from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nDuring your opponent\'s turn, if this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can target 2 face-up Spell/Trap Cards you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fiend-Type monsters, also destroy the targeted cards, and if you do, Special Summon this card (this is a Quick Effect). You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Chaos King Apocalypse" once per turn.')
('Blue Rose Dragon', 'When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Black Rose Dragon" or 1 Plant monster in your GY; Special Summon that monster.')
('Lunalight Purple Butterfly', 'You can send this card from your hand or field to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Lunalight" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Lunalight" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Purple Butterfly" once per turn.')
('Bacon Saver', 'During either player\'s Battle Step, while an attack is occurring: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the attack. You can only use the effect of "Bacon Saver" once per Duel.')
('Superdimensional Robot Galaxy Destroyer', "3 Level 10 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls. Your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards in response to this effect's activation.")
('Scrap Kong', 'When this card is Normal Summoned, destroy it. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, except "Scrap Kong", and add it to your hand.')
('Barrel Dragon', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; toss a coin 3 times and destroy it if at least 2 of the results are Heads.')
('Holy Night Sky', 'During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 "Holy Night" monster or Level 7 LIGHT Dragon monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) During your turn, if a face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon monster(s) you control returns to the hand: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Holy Night Sky" once per turn.')
('Time Thief Adjuster', 'If you Normal or Special Summon a "Time Thief" monster(s), except "Time Thief Adjuster": You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Time Thief" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Time Thief Adjuster". You can only use 1 "Time Thief Adjuster" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Hourglass of Courage', 'If this card is Normal or Flip Summoned, its original ATK and DEF are halved until the End Phase of your next turn. After that, the original ATK and DEF are doubled.')
('Goldilocks the Battle Landscaper', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone that is not the center Main Monster Zone, destroy this card. This card gains 3000 ATK while in the center Main Monster Zone. Once per turn: You can choose 1 of your unused Main Monster Zones; move this card from your Main Monster Zone to that zone, then destroy all other cards in the column of the zone this card was in, the column of the zone this card has moved to, and all columns in between.')
('Metal Fish', 'A metal fish with a razor-sharp caudal fin.')
('Diamond Dust', 'Destroy as many WATER monsters on the field as possible, then inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each WATER monster destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by this effect.')
('Sunny Pixie', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a LIGHT Synchro Monster: Gain 1000 Life Points.')
('Darklord Edeh Arae', 'If this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard, it gains this effect.\n● If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Lancer Dragonute', 'If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Abyss Actor - Twinkle Little Star', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Abyss Actor" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; this turn, it can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase, also other monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nCannot be destroyed by battle during your turn. This card can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.')
('Blockman', 'You can Tribute this card; Special Summon in Defense Position, a number of "Block Tokens" (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1500) equal to the number of your turns this card has been face-up on your field. These Tokens cannot declare an attack.')
('Double Shark', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can reduce the Levels of all Level 4 Fish-Type monsters you currently control by 1. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.')
('Junk Giant', 'If your opponent controls a Level 5 or higher monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). A Synchro Summon using this card as a Material cannot be negated. If a player Synchro Summons using this card as a Material, the other player cannot activate cards or effects when that monster is Synchro Summoned.')
('Slash Draw', 'Discard 1 card; send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY, equal to the number of cards your opponent controls, then draw 1 card and show it. Then, if it was "Slash Draw", send it to the GY, and if you do, destroy as many cards on the field as possible, then inflict 2000 damage to your opponent for each card destroyed and sent to the GY by this effect. If the card you drew was not "Slash Draw", shuffle cards from your GY into your Deck, equal to the number of cards sent from your Deck to the GY by this effect. You can only activate 1 "Slash Draw" per turn.')
('Morphtronic Boarden', '● While in Attack Position: "Morphtronic" monsters you control can attack your opponent directly.\n● While in Defense Position: Other "Morphtronic" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Evoltile Casinerio', "At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed an opponent's monster by battle: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 2 Level 6 or lower FIRE Dinosaur-Type monsters with the same name from your Deck. Their effects are negated and they are banished during the End Phase.")
('Cycroid', 'The most lovable and friendly of all the Vehicroids. It can arm itself with training wheels!')
('Number C103: Ragnafinity', '3 Level 5 monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference between that monster\'s original ATK and current ATK, and if you do, banish it. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard while it has Xyz Material: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. "Number 103: Ragnazero" must be in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Minerva, Scholar of the Sky', 'Each time a Counter Trap Card is activated, immediately after it resolves, this card gains 500 ATK, and if it does, and "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field, add 1 Counter Trap with a different name from your GY to your hand.')
('"Infernoble Arms - Joyeuse"', 'While this card is equipped to a monster: You can target 1 FIRE Warrior monster in your GY; add it to your hand, then destroy this card. If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster was sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 FIRE Warrior monster from your hand. You can only use 1 ""Infernoble Arms - Joyeuse"" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Doomcaliber Knight', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. If a monster effect is activated (Quick Effect): Tribute this face-up card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.')
('Infernal Flame Emperor', 'This card cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Tribute Summoned, you can remove from play up to 5 FIRE monsters in your Graveyard. Destroy a number of Spell/Trap Cards on the field equal to the number of monsters removed from play for this effect.')
('Chain Material', 'Any time you Fusion Summon a monster this turn, you can remove from play, from your side of the field, Deck, hand or Graveyard, Fusion Material Monsters that are listed on the Fusion Monster Card, and use them as Fusion Material Monsters. You cannot attack during the turn this card is activated. If you used this effect for a Fusion Summon, the Summoned Fusion Monster(s) is destroyed during the End Phase.')
('Alpacaribou, Mystical Beast of the Forest', '● While in Attack Position: Attack Position Winged Beast, Insect, and Plant-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.\n● While in Defense Position: Defense Position Winged Beast, Insect, and Plant-Type monsters you control cannot be targeted by, or be destroyed by, card effects.')
('Tardy Orc', 'This card cannot attack the turn it is Normal Summoned.')
('Senet Switch', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can move 1 monster on your side of the field to an adjacent (horizontal) unoccupied Monster Card Zone.')
('Dice Armadillo', 'An armadillo monster that rolls up to form a dice-like shape.')
('Break Off Trap Hole', 'When a Link Monster is Link Summoned: Destroy all monsters on the field that are not linked.')
('Super Soldier Ritual', 'This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels exactly equal 8. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card, 1 LIGHT monster, and 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only use this effect of "Super Soldier Ritual" once per turn.')
('Card of Sacrifice', "Draw 2 cards, if the combined ATK of all your face-up Attack Position monsters (minimum 2) is less than the ATK of your opponent's face-up monster with the lowest ATK. You cannot Summon or change Battle Position the turn you activate this card.")
('Magnet Reverse', 'Target 1 of your Machine or Rock monsters, that is banished or is in your GY, that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set; Special Summon it.')
('Ritual Beast Tamer Zeframpilica', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nYou cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Ritual Beast" or "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card is Normal or Pendulum Summoned: You can target 1 "Ritual Beast" or "Zefra" monster in your Graveyard, except "Ritual Beast Tamer Zeframpilica"; Special Summon it, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only Special Summon "Ritual Beast Tamer Zeframpilica(s)" once per turn.')
('Tri-Brigade Airborne Assault', 'Target 1 Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster you control; Special Summon 1 Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster from your Deck, in Defense Position, with a different Type and with ATK less than or equal to that monster, but its effects are negated until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Link Monsters. You can only activate 1 "Tri-Brigade Airborne Assault" per turn.')
('Stardust Spark Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\nOnce per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up card you control; once during this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.')
('Baby Raccoon Tantan', 'FLIP: Special Summon 1 Level 2 Beast-Type monster from your Deck, except "Baby Raccoon Tantan".')
('Last Gamble', "[At the start of the 5th turn, activate this Skill (count both players' turns).]\r\n\r\nDuring your Main Phase, you can reduce your LP to 100 and discard 2 cards from your hand. Roll a six-sided die and draw cards equal to the result. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. ")
('Miradora, Skywing of the Whirlwinds', 'If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) with 2000 or more ATK from the Extra Deck (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; while this monster is face-up on the field, that monster cannot activate its effects. You can only use each effect of "Miradora, Skywing of the Whirlwinds" once per turn, also the activation and effect of these effects cannot be negated.')
('Air Eater', 'A monster that feeds on oxygen, suffocating any who stand near.')
('Elder Entity Norden', '1 Synchro or Xyz Monster + 1 Synchro or Xyz Monster\nWhen this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated, also banish it when this card leaves the field.')
('Hieracosphinx', 'Your opponent cannot select a face-down Defense Position monster as an attack target.')
('Man-Eating Plant', 'A meat-eating plant that is attractive to the eye but dangerous when approached.')
('The Phantom Knights of Torn Scales', 'You can discard 1 card; send 1 "Phantom Knights" card from your Deck to the GY, except "The Phantom Knights of Torn Scales". If another "Phantom Knights" card in your GY is banished, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Torn Scales" once per turn.')
('Cactus Bouncer', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. While another Plant monster is on the field, neither player can Special Summon monsters.')
('Odd-Eyes Lancer Dragon', 'If a Pendulum Monster you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If an "Odd-Eyes" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 "Odd-Eyes" card in your hand, Monster Zone, or Pendulum Zone instead.')
('Gem-Knight Lapis', 'The best of friends with Lazuli, this soldier deeply cares about the well-being of her friends.')
('Temtempo the Percussion Djinn', '2 Level 3 monsters\nOnce per turn, during either player\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls; detach 1 Xyz Material from that monster, and if you do, all "Djinn" Xyz Monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK.')
('Vice Dragon', 'If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand), but its original ATK and DEF become halved.')
('Samurai Skull', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 Zombie monster from your Deck to the GY. If this face-up card in its owner\'s control leaves the field because of an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Zombie monster from your Deck, except "Samurai Skull".')
('Number C107: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon', '3 Level 9 monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; until the end of this turn, negate the effects of all other face-up cards currently on the field, also your opponent cannot activate cards or effects on the field. If this card has "Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● You can Tribute 2 monsters; this card can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('8-Claws Scorpion', "Once per turn, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position. When this card attacks an opponent's face-down Defense Position monster, this card's ATK becomes 2400 during damage calculation only.")
('Darklord Enchantment', 'Send 1 "Darklord" monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; take control of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls until the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Darklord Enchantment" per turn.')
('Caligo Claw Crow', 'If you control a DARK monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Caligo Claw Crow" once per turn this way.')
('The Flute of Summoning Dragon', 'Special Summon up to 2 Dragon monsters from your hand. "Lord of D." must be on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Gokipole', 'If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Level 4 Insect monster from your Deck to your hand, then, if you added a Normal Monster, you can Special Summon it, then you can destroy 1 monster on the field with ATK greater than or equal to that Special Summoned monster\'s. You can only use this effect of "Gokipole" once per turn.')
('Vylon Tetra', 'If this card is sent from the Monster Card Zone to the Graveyard: You can pay 500 Life Points, then target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, you can destroy this Equip Card instead.')
('Gouki Face Turn', 'Target 1 "Gouki" card you control and 1 "Gouki" monster in your GY; destroy that card on the field, and if you do, Special Summon that other monster from the GY. You can only activate 1 "Gouki Face Turn" per turn.')
('Updraft', 'Remove all Fog Counters from the field. Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each Fog Counter you removed.')
('Fluffal Leo', 'When this card declares an attack: It gains 500 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.')
('Chronicler of Nephthys', 'You can target 1 "Nephthys" card in your GY, except "Chronicler of Nephthys"; destroy 1 card in your hand, and if you do, add that target to your hand. During your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Nephthys" card from your GY to your hand, except "Chronicler of Nephthys". You can only use each effect of "Chronicler of Nephthys" once per turn.')
('Cyberse Integrator', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nIf this card is Synchro Summoned, you can: Special Summon 1 Cyberse Tuner from your hand or GY in Defense Position, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters. If this Synchro Summoned card is sent to the GY: You can draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Cyberse Integrator" once per turn.')
('Ninjitsu Art of Mirage-Transformation', 'Tribute 1 "Ninja" monster, then target 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; Special Summon it to your field. It is also treated as a "Ninja" monster while this card is face-up on the field. When this card leaves the field, send that monster to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Ninjitsu Art of Mirage-Transformation" per turn.')
('White Dragon Wyverburster', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 DARK monster from your GY. You can only Special Summon "White Dragon Wyverburster" once per turn this way. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Black Dragon Collapserpent" from your Deck to your hand.')
('Metrognome', "[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn: You can target 1 other card in a Pendulum Zone; this card's Pendulum Scale becomes equal to that card's, until the end of this turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhile you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones with the same Pendulum Scale, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the Pendulum Scale x 100, and can attack your opponent directly. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Destroy all cards in the Pendulum Zones.")
('Link Devotee', '1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster\r\nIf this card is Special Summoned: For the rest of this turn, you cannot Link Summon Link-3 or higher Link Monsters. If this co-linked card is Tributed: You can Special Summon 2 "Link Tokens" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Link Devotee" once per turn.')
('Degen-Force', 'Tribute 1 Level 4 or higher Dinosaur-Type monster; Special Summon 2 Level 3 or lower Reptile-Type monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard.')
('Mask of the Accursed', 'The equipped monster cannot attack. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Inflict 500 damage to the controller of the equipped monster.')
('Batteryman Industrial Strength', 'This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play 2 "Batteryman" monsters from your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 Thunder-Type monster from your Graveyard to destroy 1 monster and 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.')
('Shooting Star Dragon', '1 Tuner Synchro Monster + "Stardust Dragon"\nOnce per turn: You can excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, shuffle them back in, also this card\'s maximum number of attacks per Battle Phase this turn equals the number of Tuner monsters excavated. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated that would destroy a card(s) on the field: You can negate the effect, and if you do, destroy it. Once per turn, when an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: You can target the attacking monster; banish this card, and if you do, negate that attack. During the next End Phase: Special Summon this card banished by this effect.')
('Lavalval Dragon', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner FIRE monsters\n You can shuffle 2 "Laval" monsters from your Graveyard into your Main Deck to target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand.')
('A Feint Plan', 'A player cannot attack face-down monsters during this turn.')
('Doublebyte Dragon', "2 Link Monsters\r\nGains ATK equal to the combined Link Ratings of the monsters used for its Link Summon x 300. Unaffected by monster effects, except Link Monsters' effects, and cannot be destroyed by battle, except by battle with a Link Monster.")
('Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes', 'Cannot be Special Summoned by another Effect Monster\'s effect. This card is unaffected by "Venom Swamp". This card gains 500 ATK for each Reptile-Type monster in your Graveyard. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 1 other Reptile-Type monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card.')
('Steelswarm Sentinel', 'While this card is in face-up Attack Position, Special Summoned Level 5 or higher monsters on the field cannot activate their effects.')
('Bottomless Trap Hole', 'When your opponent Summons a monster(s) with 1500 or more ATK: Destroy that monster(s) with 1500 or more ATK, and if you do, banish it.')
('Gift Card', 'Your opponent gains 3000 Life Points.')
('Pendulum Rising', 'Send 1 monster you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon from your Deck, 1 Pendulum Monster with the same Level as the sent monster\'s original Level, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Pendulum Rising" per turn.')
('Raidraptor - Readiness', 'This turn, "Raidraptor" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle. If you have a "Raidraptor" monster in your Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; you take no damage this turn.')
("Horus' Servant", 'Your opponent cannot target face-up "Horus the Black Flame Dragon" monsters with Spells, Traps, or card effects.')
('Infernity Avenger', 'When a monster you control, except "Infernity Avenger", is destroyed by battle with an opponent\'s monster and sent to the Graveyard, while you have no cards in your hand, you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. In that case, the Level of this card is equal to the Level of your destroyed monster.')
('Slot Machine', "The machine's ability is said to vary according to its slot results.")
('Ancient Gear Beast', "Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Negate the effects of an opponent's monster destroyed by battle with this card (including in the Graveyard).")
('Future Fusion', "During your 1st Standby Phase after this card's activation: Show 1 Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck and send the Fusion Materials listed on it from your Main Deck to the GY. During your 2nd Standby Phase after this card's activation: Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck with the same name as the monster you showed, and target it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy that target. When that target is destroyed, destroy this card.")
('Crashbug Z', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Crashbug Y" from your Deck. You must control a face-up "Crashbug X" to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Spellbreaker of the Ice Barrier', 'Once per turn, you can send 1 "Ice Barrier" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. If you do, Spell Cards cannot be activated until the End Phase of your next turn, as long as this card remains face-up on the field.')
('Destiny HERO - Dynatag', 'During damage calculation, when you would take battle damage (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; make yourself take no battle damage from that battle, and if you do, each player takes 1000 damage. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Destiny HERO" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of your opponent\'s next turn.')
('Eyearmor', 'This warrior transforms into various creatures to confuse enemies in battle.')
('Ambulanceroid', 'When a "roid" monster is added from your Graveyard to your hand, you can Special Summon that monster.')
('Orcustrated Return', 'Send 1 "Orcust" or "World Legacy" monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Orcustrated Return" per turn.')
('Trap Dustshoot', "Activate only if your opponent has 4 or more cards in their hand. Look at your opponent's hand, select 1 Monster Card in it, and return that card to its owner's Deck.")
('Different Dimension Gate', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 monster on each side of the field; banish those targets. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Return those banished monsters to the field in the same battle positions they were in.')
('Noble Knight Pellinore', 'You can target 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell equipped to this card and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy them, then draw 1 card, also, this card cannot attack for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Noble Knight Pellinore" once per turn.')
('Terratiger, the Empowered Warrior', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your hand in Defense Position.')
('White Wing Magician', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nOnce per turn, when an activated card or effect resolves that targets a DARK Spellcaster-Type monster you control, negate that effect, then destroy this card.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\n(This card is always treated as a "Synchro Dragon" card.)\r\nIf this Pendulum Summoned card is used for a Synchro Summon, banish it.')
('Worm Jetelikpse', 'FLIP: When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard this turn: Special Summon it from the Graveyard in face-up Defense Position.')
('Battle Ox', 'A monster with tremendous power, it destroys enemies with a swing of its axe.')
('30,000-Year White Turtle', 'A huge turtle that has existed for more than 30,000 years.')
('The Cheerful Coffin', 'Discard up to 3 Monster Cards from your hand to the Graveyard.')
('Moulinglacia the Elemental Lord', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 5 WATER monsters in your GY. If this card is Special Summoned: Discard 2 random cards from your opponent\'s hand (or their entire hand, if less than 2). You can only use this effect of "Moulinglacia the Elemental Lord" once per turn. If this face-up card leaves the field, skip the Battle Phase of your next turn.')
('Hydra Viper', 'Each time this card declares an attack, you must Tribute 1 Aqua-Type monster. This card can attack 3 times during each Battle Phase.')
('Beast Rising', 'Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 face-up Beast-Type or Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control to select 1 other face-up Beast-Type or Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control. The selected monster gains the original ATK of the monster removed from play for this effect.')
('Otherworld - The "A" Zone', 'If your opponent\'s monster battles an "Alien" monster you control, the opponent\'s monster loses 300 ATK and DEF during damage calculation only.')
('Redox, Dragon Ruler of Boulders', 'If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can banish a total of 2 EARTH and/or Dragon-Type monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, except this card; Special Summon this card. During your opponent\'s End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned: Return it to the hand. You can discard this card and 1 EARTH monster to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. If this card is banished: You can add 1 EARTH Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Redox, Dragon Ruler of Boulders" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Horn of the Phantom Beast', "Target 1 Beast or Beast-Warrior monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 800 ATK. If the equipped monster destroys your opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the GY: Draw 1 card.")
('Scrap-Iron Statue', 'When a Spell/Trap Card that is already face-up on your opponent\'s field activates its effect: Destroy that card, also, after that, Set this card face-down instead of sending it to the GY. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Junk" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Scrap-Iron Statue" once per turn.')
('Number 75: Bamboozling Gossip Shadow', '2+ Level 3 monsters\r\nOnce per turn, when an opponent\'s monster activates its effect (Quick Effect): You can detach 2 materials from this card; the activated effect becomes "both players draw 1 card". You can target 1 other "Number" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as material. (Transfer its materials to that monster.) You can only use this effect of "Number 75: Bamboozling Gossip Shadow" once per turn.')
('Ruthless Denial', "Select 1 monster you control and send it to the Graveyard, and send 1 random card in your opponent's hand to the Graveyard.")
("Night's End Sorcerer", "When this card is Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards in your opponent's GY; banish them.")
('ROM Cloudia', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Cyberse monster in your GY, except "ROM Cloudia"; add it to your hand. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster from your Deck, except "ROM Cloudia".')
('Dark Spell Regeneration', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack: Target 1 Spell in your opponent\'s GY; Set it to your field. You can banish this card from your GY and send 1 "Monster Reborn" from your hand or face-down field to the GY; Special Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of Ra" from your GY, ignoring its Summoning conditions (but send it to the GY during the End Phase), then you can send 1 monster your opponent controls to the GY.')
('F.A. Whip Crosser', 'Gains ATK equal to its Level x 300. Your opponent must pay 300 LP to activate the effect of a monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card\'s Level. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase this card\'s Level by 1. If this card is Level 7 or higher, your opponent cannot discard or send cards from their hand to the GY to activate a card effect.')
('Defender, the Magical Knight', 'If this card is Normal Summoned: Place 1 Spell Counter on it (max. 1). Once per turn, if a Spellcaster monster(s) on the field would be destroyed, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from your field for each of those monsters instead.')
('Fiendish Chain', 'Activate this card by targeting 1 Effect Monster on the field; negate the effects of that face-up monster while it is on the field, also that face-up monster cannot attack. When it is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('Damage Condenser', 'When you take battle damage: Discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck with ATK less than or equal to the battle damage you took, in face-up Attack Position.')
('Link Apple', 'You can reveal this card in your hand; banish 1 random face-down card from your Extra Deck, then, if it is a Link Monster, Special Summon this card. Otherwise, discard this card, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Link Apple" once per turn.')
('Saber Slash', 'Destroy a number of face-up cards on the field equal to the number of face-up Attack Position "X-Saber" monsters you control.')
('Valkyrie Erste', 'If this card is Special Summoned from your hand by a Spell effect: You can target 1 "Mischief of the Time Goddess" in your GY; add it to your hand. If you control a "Valkyrie" monster other than "Valkyrie Erste" (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 monster from your opponent\'s GY, then this card\'s ATK becomes equal to the banished monster\'s original ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Valkyrie Erste" once per turn.')
('Chosen One', 'Select 1 Monster Card and 2 non-Monster Cards from your hand. Your opponent randomly selects 1 card among them. If it is a Monster Card, it is Special Summoned and send the remaining 2 cards to the Graveyard. If not, send all the cards to the Graveyard.')
('Gladiator Beast Murmillo', 'When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: Target 1 face-up monster; destroy that target. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Murmillo".')
('Soul Taker', 'Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, then your opponent gains 1000 LP.')
('Zaborg the Thunder Monarch', 'If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Windstorm of Etaqua', 'Change the battle positions of all face-up monsters your opponent controls.')
('F.A. Off-Road Grand Prix', 'Increase the Levels of all "F.A." monsters on the field by 2 during the Main Phase only. You can only use each of the following effects of "F.A. Off-Road Grand Prix" once per turn.\r\n● When a "F.A." monster you control is destroyed by battle: You can discard 1 random card from your opponent\'s hand.\r\n● If this face-up card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: You can add 1 "F.A." card from your Deck to your hand, except "F.A. Off-Road Grand Prix".')
('Tasuke Knight', 'When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack, while you have no cards in your hand and this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard, then end the Battle Phase. You can only use this effect of "Tasuke Knight" once per Duel.')
('SPYRAL Master Plan', 'Once per turn: You can add 1 "SPYRAL MISSION" card from your Deck to your hand. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "SPYRAL Resort" and 1 "SPYRAL" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "SPYRAL Master Plan". You can only use this effect of "SPYRAL Master Plan" once per turn.')
('Oyster Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Oyster Meister".')
('Wild Fire', 'Pay 500 Life Points. Destroy a face-up "Blaze Accelerator" card you control and destroy all monsters on the field. Then, Special Summon 1 "Wild Fire Token" (Pyro-Type/FIRE/Level 3/ATK 1000/DEF 1000) in Attack Position. Also, you cannot declare an attack this turn.')
('Theban Nightmare', 'Gains 1500 ATK while you have no cards in your hand nor in your Spell & Trap Zones.')
('Plant Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Bamboo Scrap".')
('Lightning Punisher', "After a Chain with 3 or more Links resolves, destroy 1 card on your opponent's side of the field. This effect cannot activate if multiple cards/effects with the same name were activated in that Chain.")
('Scarlet Security', 'If you control a "Red Dragon Archfiend": Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.')
('Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force', 'Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" monster with the same Type as that monster you control, but 1 Rank higher, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) Then, if any face-up cards are on the field other than this card and the monster Summoned by it, negate the effects of those other cards.')
('Abyss Stungray', 'Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Thunder-Type/LIGHT/Level 5/ATK 1900/DEF 0). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Pineapple Blast', "When you Normal Summon a monster, if your opponent controls more monsters than you do: Destroy your opponent's monsters so that your opponent controls the same number of monsters as you (your opponent chooses which of their monsters are destroyed).")
('D.3.S. Frog', '"Des Frog" + "Des Frog" + "Des Frog"\nA Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. This card gains 500 ATK for each "Treeborn Frog" in your Graveyard.')
('Resurrection of Chakra', 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Chakra". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 7 or more.')
('Attack the Moon!', 'Once per turn, when the battle position of a Rock-Type monster you control is changed: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.')
('Gem-Knight Aquamarine', '"Gem-Knight Sapphire" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster\nMust first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Target 1 card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.')
('Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow', '1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters\r\nWhen your opponent takes effect damage from another "Battlewasp" monster: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of that monster. You can only use this effect of "Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow" once per turn. When a monster is destroyed by battle with your "Battlewasp" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Ancient Lamp', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon "La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp" from your hand. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect. Before damage calculation, if this card is being attacked by an opponent\'s monster, and was face-down at the start of the Damage Step: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls, except the attacking monster; the attacking monster attacks it instead, and you proceed to damage calculation.')
('Silver Gadget', 'When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 Machine monster from your hand. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Gadget" monster from your Deck, except "Silver Gadget". You can only use 1 "Silver Gadget" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Nitro Unit', "Equip only to a monster on your opponent's side of the field. When the equipped monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the equipped monster.")
('Karakuri Merchant mdl 177 "Inashichi"', 'This card must attack if able. When this face-up Attack Position card is selected as an attack target, change it to Defense Position. When this card is Normal Summoned, add 1 "Karakuri" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Bellcat Fighter', '3 monsters, including a Token\r\nWhen this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Bellcat Token" (Machine/WIND/Level 4/ATK 2000/DEF 2000) in Defense Position.')
('Legendary Ebon Steed', 'Equip only to a "Six Samurai" monster. It gains 200 ATK and DEF. If it would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.')
('Raidraptor Replica', 'Target 1 "Raidraptor" monster you control; Special Summon 1 monster with the same name from your Deck, and if you do, as long as you control the face-up Special Summoned monster, monsters your opponent controls cannot target the targeted monster for attacks, also your opponent cannot target the targeted monster with card effects.')
('Hitodenchak', 'A rabid starfish that spits a lethal acid that can melt almost anything.')
('Fire Lake of the Burning Abyss', 'Send 2 face-up "Burning Abyss" monsters you control to the Graveyard, then target up to 3 cards on the field; destroy those targets.')
('Illusion Magic', 'Tribute 1 Spellcaster monster; add up to 2 copies of "Dark Magician" from your Deck and/or GY to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Illusion Magic" per turn.')
('Peaceful Burial', 'Send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same name the sent monster had in the GY. You can only activate 1 "Peaceful Burial" per turn.')
('Frost and Flame Dragon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 FIRE and 2 WATER monsters from your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card to target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.')
('Underworld Egg Clutch', 'When a face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster you control is banished: Add 1 Level 4 or lower Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Dragonic Knight', "When the effect of an opponent's monster is activated that targets and destroys a card(s) you control, you can send the targeted card(s) to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.")
('Borrel Cooling', 'Tribute 1 "Rokket" monster, then target 1 "Borrel" Link Monster you control; equip it with this card. If this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, the equipped monster gains this effect.\n● Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effect this turn.')
('Sadion, the Timelord', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled and your LP is less than 4000: Your LP becomes 4000. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.')
('Samsara Kaiser', 'When you Tribute Summon a monster by Tributing this card, return this card to your hand.')
('Grid Sweeper', 'If a face-up Field Spell is in any Field Zone: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can banish this card in your GY and 1 Link Monster you control; destroy 1 card your opponent controls. You can only use each effect of "Grid Sweeper" once per turn.')
('Buster Blaster', "Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, the equipped monster loses 500 ATK and DEF. If the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Destroy all face-up monsters on the field with the same Monster Type as the destroyed monster. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.)")
('Butterspy Protection', 'Target 1 face-up Attack Position monster on the field; change it to face-up Defense Position, also any damage you take for the rest of this turn is halved.')
('Nitwit Outwit', "Discard 1 monster, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses ATK equal to the discarded monster's original ATK.")
('Harpie Lady Sisters', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned with "Elegant Egotist".')
('Humanoid Slime', 'This slime apparently has some human genes in its genetic makeup.')
('Neo-Spacian Glow Moss', 'If this card attacks or is attacked: Your opponent draws 1 card and shows it, then, based on its type apply this effect.\r\n● Monster: End the Battle Phase of this turn.\r\n● Spell: If this card is attacking, you can change it to a direct attack instead.\r\n● Trap: Change this card to Defense Position.')
('Worm Warlord', "This card cannot be Special Summoned. Negate the effects of Effect Monsters destroyed by battle with this card. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.")
('Court of Justice', 'Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Fairy-Type monster from your hand. You must control a face-up Level 1 Fairy-Type monster to activate and to resolve this effect. You can only activate the effect of one "Court of Justice" per turn.')
('Ice Water', 'A very aggressive mermaid that attacks enemies with the spikes growing from its body.')
('Ultimate Axon Kicker', "1 Psychic-Type Synchro Monster + 1 Psychic-Type monster\r\nThis monster can only be Special Summoned by Fusion Summon (from the Extra Deck). This card cannot be destroyed by card effects. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you gain Life Points equal to the destroyed monster's ATK.")
('Dark Doriado', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nAll EARTH, WATER, FIRE, and WIND monsters you control gain 200 ATK and DEF for every different Attribute among the monsters you control.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can choose 4 monsters from your Deck (1 EARTH, 1 WATER, 1 FIRE, and 1 WIND), then place them on the top of the Deck in any order.')
('Infestation Ripples', 'Pay 500 Life Points to target 1 Level 4 or lower "Steelswarm" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it from the Graveyard.')
('Half Shut', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it cannot be destroyed by battle this turn, also its ATK is halved until the end of this turn.')
('Poison of the Old Man', 'Activate 1 of these effects;\n● Gain 1200 LP.\n● Inflict 800 damage to your opponent.')
('Valkyrie Sigrun', 'If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap you control; send it to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 8 or lower "Valkyrie" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Valkyrie Sigrun" once per turn.')
('Photon Lead', 'Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower LIGHT monster from your hand in face-up Attack Position.')
('Supermagic Sword of Raptinus', 'At the start of the Battle Phase: You can change the equipped monster\'s battle position, and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 monster. You can only use this effect of "Supermagic Sword of Raptinus" once per turn. Apply this effect depending on the equipped monster\'s battle position.\r\n● Attack Position: Your opponent cannot target the equipped monster with card effects.\r\n● Defense Position: The equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Vision Release', 'Target 1 "Vision HERO" Monster Card in your Spell & Trap Zone; Special Summon it. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Vision HERO" monster in your GY; add it to your hand.')
('Ghostrick Angel of Mischief', '2 Level 4 monsters\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Ghostrick" Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material, except "Ghostrick Angel of Mischief". (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) When the number of Xyz Materials on this card becomes 10, you win the Duel. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 "Ghostrick" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can attach 1 "Ghostrick" card from your hand to this card as an Xyz Material.')
('Hraesvelgr, the Desperate Doom Eagle', '2+ WIND monsters\r\nGains 2400 ATK while your opponent has no monsters in their GY. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster in your opponent\'s GY; shuffle it into the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Hraesvelgr, the Desperate Doom Eagle" once per turn.')
('Magma Dragon', 'When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Wyrm-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Magma Dragon"; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but its effects are negated. You can only use this effect of "Magma Dragon" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except Wyrm-Type monsters.')
('Neos Fusion', 'Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck that lists exactly 2 monsters as material, including "Elemental HERO Neos", by sending those monsters from your hand, Deck, or field, ignoring its Summoning conditions. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters. If a Fusion Monster(s) you control that lists "Elemental HERO Neos" as material would be destroyed by battle or card effect, or shuffled into the Extra Deck by its own effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.')
('Sand Stone', 'Appears from underground and attacks with long, snake-like tentacles.')
("Bi'an, Earth of the Yang Zing", 'When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Bi\'an, Earth of the Yang Zing". You can only use this effect of "Bi\'an, Earth of the Yang Zing" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent\'s Main Phase or Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only "Yang Zing" monsters you control (this is a Quick Effect). A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material cannot be destroyed by battle.')
('Gaia, the Mid-Knight Sun', 'You can only use each effect of "Gaia, the Mid-Knight Sun" once per turn.\n● You can Tribute 1 other LIGHT monster; add 1 Level 4 DARK Warrior-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, then send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard.\n● You can banish 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster on the field; it loses 500 ATK until the end of your opponent\'s turn.')
('Infinitrack Mountain Smasher', '2 Level 7 monsters\r\nWhen this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can attach that monster to this card as material. You can only use each of the following effects of "Infinitrack Mountain Smasher" once per turn.\r\n● You can detach 1 material from this card; it gains 1000 ATK.\r\n● If this card is in your GY: You can Tribute 1 Machine Link Monster; Special Summon this card in Defense Position.')
('Peropero Cerperus', "If you take damage by battle or an opponent's card effect while this card is in the GY: You can banish this card from the GY, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.")
('Armillyre, the Starleader Dragon', '2 Effect Monsters\r\nCannot be used as Link Material. You can target 1 face-up monster this card points to; Special Summon 1 monster with the same original Level from your hand to your zone this card points to, in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Armillyre, the Starleader Dragon" once per turn.')
('Noritoshi in Darkest Rainment', '3+ Spellcaster Effect Monsters\r\nMust be Link Summoned. If this Extra Linked card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their LP to 0, you win the Match. ')
('Ghostrick Jackfrost', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When an opponent\'s monster declares a direct attack: You can change that opponent\'s monster to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand in face-down Defense Position.')
('Level Resist Wall', 'If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: Target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon any number of monsters from your Deck in Defense Position, whose total Levels equal that target\'s Level, but negate their effects. You can only activate 1 "Level Resist Wall" per turn.')
('Secret Sanctuary of the Spellcasters', "When a monster(s) (except a Spellcaster-Type monster) is Normal or Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field while you control another face-up Spell Card and your opponent does not control any face-up Spell Cards: That monster cannot attack or activate its effects this turn. (This applies even if this card leaves the field.) If you do not control any Spellcaster-Type monsters, destroy this card.")
('Morphtronic Magnen', '● While in Attack Position: If your opponent controls a face-up monster, this card can only select their highest ATK monster as an attack target. ● While in Defense Position: Your opponent cannot select another monster as an attack target.')
('Cockroach Knight', 'When this card is sent to the Graveyard, it is returned to the top of the Deck.')
("Koa'ki Meiru Drago", 'During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa\'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Dragon-Type monster in your hand. Neither player can Special Summon LIGHT or DARK monsters.')
('Maiden of the Aqua', 'As long as this card remains face-up on the field, the field is treated as "Umi" (however there is no increasing or decreasing of ATK/DEF due to "Umi"\'s effect). If there is an active Field Spell Card on the field, this effect is not applied.')
('Domino Effect', 'When a monster your opponent controls is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can send 1 monster you control to the Graveyard to destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.')
('Tyler the Great Warrior', "This monster cannot be Special Summoned. When this card destroys a monster as a result of battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent's Life Points equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster.")
('Gatekeeper', 'An indestructible mechanoid created for the sole purpose of guarding the gateways.')
('Marina, Princess of Sunflowers', 'If exactly 1 other Plant-Type monster you control (and no other cards) is destroyed by battle or by card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Paleozoic Hallucigenia', 'Target 1 face-up monster on the field; its ATK/DEF become half its current ATK/DEF until the end of this turn. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.')
('Apprentice Piper', 'FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.\r\nIf this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.')
('Unstable Evolution', "While your LP is lower than your opponent's, the equipped monster's original ATK becomes 2400. While your LP is higher, the equipped monster's original ATK becomes 1000.")
('Shift', 'When your opponent targets exactly 1 monster you control (and no other cards) for an attack, or with a Spell/Trap effect: Target another monster you control that would be an appropriate target; that attack/Spell/Trap now targets the new target.')
('Mermaid Shark', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Level 3, 4 or 5 Fish-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('Pumpkin Carriage', '"Prinzessin" you control can attack directly. Your opponent cannot target "Golden Castle of Stromberg" you control with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by card effects.')
('Bubble Illusion', 'You can only activate this card while there is a face-up "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" on your side of the field. During this turn, you can activate 1 Trap Card from your hand.')
('Hidden Spellbook', 'During your turn: Target 2 Spell Cards in your Graveyard; shuffle those targets into the Deck.')
('Gate Blocker', "Negate the effects of your opponent's Field Spells. Your opponent cannot place counters on cards on the field. Your opponent cannot target other monsters you control with card effects.")
('Timidity', "Neither player can destroy Set Spell and Trap Cards on the field until your opponent's next End Phase.")
('Raphion, the Timelord', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of 1 monster your opponent controls that battled this card this turn. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.')
('Astrograph Sorcerer', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nDuring your Main Phase: You can destroy this card, and if you do, take 1 "Stargazer Magician" from your hand or Deck, and either place it in your Pendulum Zone or Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Astrograph Sorcerer" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf a card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can choose 1 monster in the Graveyard, Extra Deck, or that is banished, and that was destroyed this turn, and add 1 monster with the same name from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card you control, plus 4 monsters from your hand, field, and/or Graveyard (1 each with "Pendulum Dragon", "Xyz Dragon", "Synchro Dragon", and "Fusion Dragon" in their names); Special Summon 1 "Supreme King Z-ARC" from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Fusion Summon.)')
('Genex Recycled', 'Once per turn, you can select 1 "Genex" monster in your Graveyard. Until the End Phase, this card\'s name is treated as the selected monster\'s name.')
('Amazoness Pet Liger', '"Amazoness Tiger" + 1 "Amazoness" monster\r\nOnce per battle, if this card attacks, during damage calculation: You can make this card gain 500 ATK during that damage calculation only. If your "Amazoness" monster attacked an opponent\'s monster, after damage calculation: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 800 ATK. Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack "Amazoness" monsters you control, except this one.')
('Dwimmered Glimmer', 'Activate this card by banishing 1 face-up monster you control or 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Spellcaster/LIGHT/ATK 0/DEF 0) with the same Level as that banished monster. (This card is also still a Trap.) You can only activate 1 "Dwimmered Glimmer" per turn.')
('Rocket Warrior', 'During your Battle Phase, this card cannot be destroyed by battle and you take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. If this card attacks a monster, after damage calculation: That attack target loses 500 ATK until the end of this turn.')
('Wonder Wand', 'Equip only to a Spellcaster monster. It gains 500 ATK. If you control the equipped monster and this card: You can send both to the GY; draw 2 cards.')
('Artifact Sanctum', 'Special Summon 1 "Artifact" monster from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Artifact Sanctum" per turn. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card. If this card in its owner\'s possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.')
('Krawler Glial', 'FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 "Krawler" monster from your hand or GY, in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position, except "Krawler Glial".\r\nIf this face-up card in its owner\'s control leaves the field because of an opponent\'s card effect: You can Special Summon 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Krawler Glial". You can only use each effect of "Krawler Glial" once per turn.')
('Salamangreat Violet Chimera', '1 "Salamangreat" monster + 1 Link Monster\r\nIf this card is Fusion Summoned: You can make this card gain ATK equal to half the combined original ATK of the materials used to Summon it, until the end of this turn. Once per battle, during damage calculation, if this monster battles a monster whose current ATK is different from its original ATK (Quick Effect): You can double this card\'s ATK during damage calculation only. If this card that was Fusion Summoned using "Salamangreat Violet Chimera" as material battles a monster, that monster\'s ATK becomes 0 during damage calculation only.')
('Zefra Metaltron', '2+ monsters Special Summoned from the Extra Deck\r\nIf a monster(s) this card points to that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is destroyed by battle or an opponent\'s card effect: Add 1 monster from your GY or 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can target 1 monster on each player\'s field that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, except this card; banish both until the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Zefra Metaltron" once per turn.')
('Charubin the Fire Knight', '"Monster Egg" + "Hinotama Soul"')
("Harpie's Feather Storm", 'If you control a WIND Winged Beast monster: Until the end of this turn, negate any monster effects your opponent activates. If you control a "Harpie" monster, you can activate this card from your hand. If this card in its owner\'s Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect: You can add 1 "Harpie\'s Feather Duster" from your Deck or GY to your hand.')
('Arcana Force I - The Magician', "When this card is Summoned, toss a coin:\n● Heads: When a Spell Card is activated, this card's ATK becomes double its original ATK until the End Phase of that turn.\n● Tails: When a Spell Card is activated, your opponent gains 500 Life Points.")
('Machine Attacker', 'This machine, created to lead charges into enemy territory, mows down enemies by rushing.')
('Sasuke Samurai #2', 'Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can pay 800 Life Points. If you do this, until the End Phase, Spell and Trap Cards cannot be activated.')
('Live☆Twin Ki-sikil', 'Each time an opponent\'s monster declares an attack, you gain 500 LP. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned and you control no other monsters: You can Special Summon 1 "Lil-la" monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Live☆Twin Ki-sikil" once per turn.')
('Destiny Draw', 'Discard 1 "Destiny HERO" card; draw 2 cards.')
('Magnum Shield', 'Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. Apply this effect, depending on its battle position.\n● Attack Position: It gains ATK equal to its original DEF.\n● Defense Position: It gains DEF equal to its original ATK.')
('Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon', '2 Zombie monsters\r\nMust first be Fusion Summoned. Monsters cannot be destroyed by battle with this card. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled a monster that has an original Level: That monster\'s ATK becomes 0, also, if that monster is still face-up on the field, Special Summon 1 "Dark Soul Token" (Zombie/DARK/Level ?/ATK ?/DEF 0). (When Summoned, its Level and ATK become equal to the original Level and ATK of that monster.) You can only control 1 "Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon".')
('Magical Musketeer Max', '1 Level 8 or lower "Magical Musket" monster\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects;\n● Add "Magical Musket" Spells/Traps with different names from your Deck to your hand, up to the number of monsters your opponent controls. ● Special Summon "Magical Musket" monsters with different names from your Deck, up to the number of Spells/Traps your opponent controls.\nYou can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Max" once per turn. During either player\'s turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand.')
('Aqua Jet', 'Target 1 face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK.')
('D.D. Crow', "(Quick Effect): You can discard this card to the GY, then target 1 card in your opponent's GY; banish that target.")
('Madolche Lesson', 'Target 1 "Madolche" monster in your Graveyard; shuffle that target into the Deck, and if you do, all "Madolche" monsters you currently control gain 800 ATK and DEF, then you can shuffle 1 other monster from your Graveyard into the Deck.')
('Flower Cardian Zebra Grass', 'While you control a Level 7 or lower "Flower Cardian" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Flower Cardian" monsters. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can reveal any number of "Flower Cardian" monsters in your hand, shuffle them into the Deck, then draw the same number of cards.')
('Segmental Dragon', 'You can Normal Summon/Set this card without Tributing, but its original ATK/DEF becomes halved. Once per turn, if this Normal Summoned/Set card is on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this face-up card, and if you do, destroy all monsters in the Main Monster Zones with ATK less than or equal to the ATK this card had on the field.')
('The Weather Snowy Canvas', '"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card\'s column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.\r\n● You can banish this card (Quick Effect); add 1 "The Weather" card from your Deck to your hand, also you cannot add cards from your Deck to your hand for the rest of this turn, except by drawing them.\r\nYou can only control 1 "The Weather Snowy Canvas".')
('Needle Ceiling', 'When there are 4 or more monsters on the field: Destroy all face-up monsters.')
('Naturia Bamboo Shoot', 'If this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Naturia" monster, while this card remains face-up on the field, your opponent cannot activate Spell or Trap Cards.')
('Turbo Booster', 'If you have Normal Summoned a monster this turn, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can Tribute this card to destroy 1 monster your opponent controls that battled one of your monsters this turn.')
('Spear Shark', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can increase the Levels of all Level 3 Fish-Type monsters you currently control by 1. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Fiend Griefing', "Target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; shuffle it into the Deck, then you can send 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.")
('Nemeses Flag', 'You can target 1 of your banished monsters, except "Nemeses Flag"; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, shuffle that target into the Deck. During your Main Phase: You can add 1 "Nemeses" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Nemeses Flag". You can only use each effect of "Nemeses Flag" once per turn.')
('Cyber Soldier', 'Guardian of the Machine Master, it crushes opposition by rolling over them.')
('Impcantation Penciplume', 'You can reveal 1 Ritual Monster in your hand; Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "Impcantation" monster from your Deck, except "Impcantation Penciplume". If this card is Special Summoned from the Deck: You can target 1 Ritual Monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use 1 "Impcantation Penciplume" effect per turn, and only once that turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck.')
('Mystical Elf', 'A delicate elf that lacks offense, but has a terrific defense backed by mystical power.')
('Core Reinforcement', 'Select and Special Summon 1 "Koa\'ki Meiru" monster from your Graveyard in Attack Position. When that monster is destroyed during your End Phase, the controller of this card takes damage equal to that monster\'s ATK. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.')
('Attack Gainer', "If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material Monster, select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. The selected opponent's monster loses 1000 ATK until the End Phase.")
('Break! Draw!', "Equip only to a Machine monster. If the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the GY: Draw 1 card. Destroy this card during your 3rd End Phase after activation.")
('Nimble Manta', 'When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can Special Summon any number of "Nimble Manta" from your Deck.')
('Master Peace, the True Dracoslaying King', "To Tribute Summon this card face-up, you can Tribute Continuous Spell/Trap Card(s) you control, as well as monsters. Unaffected by the effects of cards with the same card type (Monster, Spell, and/or Trap) as the original card type of the cards Tributed for its Tribute Summon. Once per turn, during either player's turn, if you control this Tribute Summoned monster: You can banish 1 Continuous Spell/Trap Card from your Graveyard, then target 1 other card on the field; destroy it.")
('Gouki Bearhug', 'If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gouki" card, or Normal Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its original ATK until the end of this turn. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Bearhug". You can only use each effect of "Gouki Bearhug" once per turn.')
('Yamato-no-Kami', "This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play 1 Spirit monster from your Graveyard. This card returns to its owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Special Summoned. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls.")
('Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz', 'If this card is Tributed by a card effect: You can add 1 Dragon-Type "Nekroz" Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is banished: You can target 1 of your banished "Nekroz" monsters, except this card; Special Summon that monster. You can only use 1 "Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Vendread Striges', 'If this card is sent to the GY: You can reveal 1 "Vendread" card in your hand; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. A "Vendread" monster Ritual Summoned using this card on the field gains the following effect. You can only use each of the preceding effects of "Vendread Striges" once per turn.\r\n● After damage calculation, if this card battled an opponent\'s monster: You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card.')
('Magic Hand', 'When your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck to their hand, except by drawing them (except during the Damage Step): You can send that card(s) to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Mozarta the Melodious Maestra', 'Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster from your hand. You cannot Special Summon other monsters the turn you activate this effect, except for LIGHT monsters.')
('Dragon Queen of Tragic Endings', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while you control 3 or more face-up Continuous Spell Cards. When this attacking card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Your opponent sends 1 card from their hand to the Graveyard, then you draw 1 card. During your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard and was sent there from the field: You can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell Card you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.')
('Doomsday Horror', "This card's ATK and DEF are equal to the number of banished DARK monsters x 300. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Return all banished DARK monsters to the Graveyards.")
('Cynet Regression', 'If you Special Summon a Link Monster(s): Target 1 card on the field; destroy it, then draw 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Cynet Regression" per turn.')
('Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir', '1 "Melodious Maestra" monster + 1 "Melodious" monster\nCannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also you take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. If this card battles a Special Summoned monster, after damage calculation: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference between the original ATK of that opponent\'s monster and this card, and if you do, destroy that opponent\'s monster.')
('Meklord Army of Wisel', 'This card gains 100 ATK for each "Meklord" monster on the field, except this card. Once per turn, when another "Meklord" monster you control declares an attack on a Defense Position monster your opponent controls: You can activate this effect; during that battle, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.')
('Mermail Abyssmegalo', 'You can discard 2 other WATER monsters to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. When Summoned this way: You can add 1 "Abyss-" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can Tribute 1 other Attack Position WATER monster; this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.')
('Angel of Zera', '1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nThis card gains 100 ATK for each of your opponent\'s banished cards. During the Standby Phase of the next turn after this card was banished: Special Summon this banished card. You can only use the effect of "Angel of Zera" once per turn.')
('Photon Orbital', 'During your Main Phase: You can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or field to that target. It gains 500 ATK, also it cannot be destroyed by battle. You can send this Equip Card to the GY; add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Photon Orbital". You can only use this effect of "Photon Orbital" once per turn.')
('Noble Knight Drystan', 'While you control another "Noble Knight" monster, your opponent cannot target your monsters with less than 1800 ATK, except this card, for attacks or with card effects. If a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card is equipped to this card: Target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy that target. You can only use this effect of "Noble Knight Drystan" once per turn.')
('Chronomaly Tuspa Rocket', 'If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Chronomaly" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck to the GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses ATK equal to the Level/Rank of the monster sent to the GY x 200. A "Number" Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as material gains this effect.\r\n● This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.\r\nYou can only use each effect of "Chronomaly Tuspa Rocket" once per turn.')
('D/D/D Oblivion King Abyss Ragnarok', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf you Special Summon a "D/D" monster(s), except during the Damage Step: You can target 1 "D/D" monster in your Graveyard; any battle damage your opponent takes becomes halved for the rest of this turn, also Special Summon that monster, and if you do, take 1000 damage. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Oblivion King Abyss Ragnarok" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "D/D/D" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Oblivion King Abyss Ragnarok" once per turn. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 other "D/D" monster, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it.')
('Number C39: Utopia Ray', '3 Level 4 LIGHT monsters\nYou can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Number 39: Utopia" you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; it gains 500 ATK and 1 monster your opponent controls loses 1000 ATK, until the End Phase. You must have 1000 Life Points or less to activate and to resolve this effect.')
('Painful Return', 'Your opponent chooses 1 monster in your Graveyard. During the End Phase, add that monster to your hand.')
("I'm Just Gonna Attack!", 'Apply the following Skill(s):\r\n● During your Main Phase, you can make 1 monster you control gain 100 ATK until the end of this turn.\r\n● During your Battle Phase, when your opponent activates a Trap Card, you can negate its effect and Set that card.\r\nEach of these Skills can only be used once per turn.')
('Go! - D/D/D Divine Zero King Rage', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf you would take effect damage, you take no damage. If you Normal Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "D/D" monster, you can do it without Tributing. You can only use each Pendulum Effect of "Go! - D/D/D Divine Zero King Rage" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nWhen this card declares an attack, if your opponent\'s LP is 4000 or less: You can make this card gain ATK equal to your opponent\'s LP, until the end of this turn. Cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no damage from battles involving this card.\r\nYou can Tribute 1 other monster; apply 1 of these effects until the end of this turn.\r\n● This card can attack directly.\r\n● Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in the Spell & Trap Zones.\r\n● Your opponent cannot activate card effects in their hand or GY.')
('Reptilianne Poison', 'Activate only if you control a face-up "Reptilianne" monster. Change 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls to face-up Attack Position and reduce its ATK to 0.')
('Firebrand Hymnist', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send cards from the top of your opponent\'s Deck to the GY, equal to the number of cards they control. If this card is Special Summoned: You can send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY, equal to the number of cards your opponent controls. You can only use this effect of "Firebrand Hymnist" once per turn.')
('X-Saber Galahad', 'If this card attacks an opponent\'s monster, this card gains 300 ATK during the Damage Step only. If this card is attacked by an opponent\'s monster, this card loses 500 ATK during the Damage Step only. When this card is selected as an attack target, you can Tribute another "Saber" monster to negate the attack.')
('Nemeses Adrastea', 'Target 1 of your "Nemeses" monsters that is banished or in your GY; Special Summon it, but if its original Level is 11 or higher, it cannot activate its effects this turn. You can only activate 1 "Nemeses Adrastea" per turn.')
('Rose Tentacles', 'Cannot be Special Summoned. At the start of your Battle Phase, for each Plant-Type monster your opponent currently controls, this card gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn. Each time this card destroys a Plant-Type monster by battle: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.')
('Majesty with Eyes of Blue', 'Send 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster from your hand or Deck to the GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it cannot attack while it is face-up on the field. You can only activate 1 "Majesty with Eyes of Blue" per turn.')
('Dimension Sphinx', "Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control. Once per battle, during the Battle Step, if it is attacked by an opponent's monster with higher ATK: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference between the attacking monster's ATK and the targeted monster's. If the targeted monster leaves the field, destroy this card.")
('Marincess Sea Angel', '1 Level 4 or lower "Marincess" monster\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Marincess" Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only Link Summon "Marincess Sea Angel" once per turn.')
('Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelord', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 10 or more monsters in your GY. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy monster from your hand or GY, but its effects are negated, also its ATK becomes 4000.')
('Arsenal Bug', "If you control no other Insect-Type monsters, this card's ATK and DEF become 1000.")
('Morphtronic Boomboxen', '● While in Attack Position, this card can attack twice during each Battle Phase.\n● Once per turn, while in Defense Position, when a face-up "Morphtronic" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack.')
('Talisman of Trap Sealing', 'You can only activate this card while there is a face-up "Sealmaster Meisei" on your side of the field. While this card is face-up on the field, Trap Cards cannot be activated and the effects of face-up Trap Cards on the field are negated. When "Sealmaster Meisei" is removed from the field, destroy this card.')
('Cyber Repair Plant', 'If "Cyber Dragon" is in your GY: You can activate 1 of these effects. If you have 3 or more "Cyber Dragon" in your GY at this card\'s activation, you can activate both effects and resolve in sequence. You can only activate 1 "Cyber Repair Plant" per turn.\n● Add 1 LIGHT Machine monster from your Deck to your hand.\n● Target 1 LIGHT Machine monster in your GY; shuffle that target into your Deck.')
('Kagemusha of the Six Samurai', 'During either player\'s turn, when exactly 1 face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control is targeted by a Spell Card, Trap Card, or card effect that could have targeted this card: You can activate this effect; that Spell/Trap/effect now targets this face-up card on the field, instead.')
('Toon Barrel Dragon', 'Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. Once per turn: You can target 1 card on the field; toss a coin 3 times and destroy it if at least 2 of the results are Heads.')
('Reactor Slime', 'During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 2 "Slime Tokens" (Aqua/WATER/Level 1/ATK 500/DEF 500), also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Divine-Beast monsters. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Set 1 "Metal Reflect Slime" directly from your hand, Deck, or GY to your Spell & Trap Zone, also it can be activated this turn. You can only use each effect of "Reactor Slime" once per turn.')
('Guardragon Pisty', '1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster\r\nYou cannot Special Summon monsters, except Dragon monsters. During your Main Phase: You can target 1 of your Dragon monsters that is banished or in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone that 2 or more Link Monsters point to. You can only use this effect of "Guardragon Pisty" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Guardragon Pisty(s)" once per turn.')
('Swamp Mirrorer', 'Activate this card by declaring 1 Monster Type and 1 Attribute; Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 1000) with that Type and Attribute. (This card is also still a Trap Card.)')
('Intercept', 'Activate only when a monster is Tribute Summoned with 1 Tribute. Take control of that monster.')
('Abyss-scale of the Mizuchi', 'Equip only to a "Mermail" monster. It gains 800 ATK. When a Spell effect that was activated on your opponent\'s side of the field resolves, negate that effect, then send this card to the Graveyard.')
('Machina Force', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Commander Covington". You must pay 1000 LP to declare an attack with this card. You can send this card you control to the GY, then target 1 "Machina Soldier", "Machina Sniper", and "Machina Defender" in your GY; Special Summon those targets.')
('Neo Space Pathfinder', 'You can discard this card to the Graveyard to add 1 "Neo Space" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.')
('Fallen Paradise', 'Your opponent cannot target "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms", or "Armityle the Chaos Phantom" in your Monster Zones with card effects, also those monsters cannot be destroyed by your opponent\'s card effects while you control them. If you control "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" or "Armityle the Chaos Phantom" in your Monster Zone: You can draw 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Fallen Paradise" once per turn.')
('The Weather Painter Cloud', 'If another face-up "The Weather" card you control is sent to the GY: You can target up to 2 "The Weather" Spells/Traps in your GY; place them face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use this effect of "The Weather Painter Cloud" once per turn. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card\'s effect: You can Special Summon this banished card.')
('Spiritual Swords of Revealing Light', "Once per attack, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can pay 1000 LP; negate that attack. During your opponent's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; this turn, your opponent's monsters cannot attack directly.")
('Gladiator Lash', 'Activate only when you Special Summon a "Gladiator Beast" monster. Your opponent discards 1 card of their choice.')
('Dried Winds', 'If you gain LP: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy it. If you control an "Aroma" monster and your LP is at least 3000 higher than your opponent\'s: You can pay LP equal to the difference; destroy face-up monsters your opponent controls whose combined ATK is less than or equal to the LP you paid to activate this effect. You can only use each effect of "Dried Winds" once per turn.')
('Pyroxene Fusion', 'Send, from your hand or your side of the field to the Graveyard, the Fusion Material Monsters that are listed on a "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster Card, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.)')
('Ghostrick Mansion', 'Monsters cannot attack face-down Defense Position monsters, but can attack directly if all monsters their opponent controls are face-down Defense Position. All effect damage, and battle damage inflicted by monsters other than "Ghostrick" monsters, is halved.')
('D-Boyz', 'FLIP: You can Special Summon any number of "D-Boyz" from your Deck in face-up Attack Position, then you take 1000 damage for each monster Special Summoned by this effect.')
('Swing of Memories', 'Target 1 Normal Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but destroy it during the End Phase of this turn.')
('Lavalval Ignis', "2 Level 3 monsters\nIf this card attacks or is attacked, during the Damage Step (in either player's turn): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card once per battle; this card gains 500 ATK until the end of this turn.")
('Kozmotown', 'Once per turn: You can target 1 of your banished "Kozmo" monsters; return it to the hand, and if you do, lose LP equal to its original Level x 100. Once per turn: You can reveal any number of "Kozmo" monsters in your hand and shuffle them into the Deck, then draw cards equal to the number of cards you shuffled into the Deck. If this card in the Field Zone is destroyed by a card effect: You can add 1 "Kozmo" card from your Deck to your hand.')
('Contact', 'Send all "Chrysalis" monsters you control to the Graveyard, and Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or Deck that is written in the card text of those cards.')
('Shaddoll Falco', 'FLIP: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" monster in your GY, except "Shaddoll Falco"; Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position.\r\nIf this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position. You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Falco" effect per turn, and only once that turn.')
('Torrential Tribute', 'When a monster(s) is Summoned: Destroy all monsters on the field.')
('Union Driver', 'Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can banish this Equip Card; equip 1 Level 4 or lower appropriate Union monster from your Deck to the monster this card was equipped to. You can only use this effect of "Union Driver" once per turn.')
('The Winged Dragon of Ra', "Cannot be Special Summoned. Requires 3 Tributes to Normal Summon (cannot be Normal Set). This card's Normal Summon cannot be negated. When Normal Summoned, other cards and effects cannot be activated. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can pay LP so that you only have 100 left; this card gains ATK/DEF equal to the amount of LP paid. You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.")
('Gimmick Puppet Gear Changer', 'Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster you control, except this card; this card\'s Level becomes the Level of that monster.')
('Mystery Hand', 'This monster twists reality and reaches between dimensions to attack its enemies.')
('Discord', 'Neither player can Synchro Summon. Send this card to the Graveyard during your 3rd End Phase after activation.')
('Scrubbed Raid', 'During the Battle Phase, you can send 1 card you control to the Graveyard, except this card, to end the Battle Phase.')
('Red-Eyes Retro Dragon', 'If a Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster(s) you control is destroyed by your opponent\'s attack or card effect and sent to your GY, while this card is in your hand: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon as many of those destroyed monsters as possible in the same position they were in when destroyed. You can Tribute this card; you can Normal Summon 1 "Red-Eyes" monster during your Main Phase this turn in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)')
('Salvagent Driver', 'If a Cyberse Link Monster you control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect while this card is in your hand or GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card. You can discard 1 Spell, then target 1 Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but it cannot attack directly this turn. You can only use each effect of "Salvagent Driver" once per turn.')
('Flight of the Harpies', '[If you lose 1800 or more LP, you can activate this Skill during your next Draw Phase.]\r\n\r\nDuring your Draw Phase, you may search your Deck for a “Harpie” card, reveal it to your opponent, and add it to your hand instead of drawing. If you do that, flip this card over.')
('Zoodiac Chakanine', '2 or more Level 4 monsters\r\nOnce per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Zoodiac Chakanine" by using 1 "Zoodiac" monster you control with a different name as Xyz Material. (If you used an Xyz Monster, any Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of all "Zoodiac" monsters attached to it as Materials. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Zoodiac" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but for the rest of this turn, it has its effects negated, also it cannot be used as an Xyz Material for a Summon.')
('Psychic Nightmare', "1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Psychic-Type monsters\nOnce per turn, during your Main Phase, you can pick 1 random card in your opponent's hand and call what type of card it is (Monster, Spell or Trap). If you call it right, this card gains 1000 ATK until your opponent's End Phase.")
('Schuberta the Melodious Maestra', '2 "Melodious" monsters\nDuring either player\'s turn: You can target up to 3 cards in any Graveyard(s); banish them, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK for each. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.')
('Master Peace, the True Dracoslayer', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Dracoslayer" monster and 1 "Dracoverlord" monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player\'s turn, when a card or effect is activated: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card in its owner\'s control is destroyed by an opponent\'s card (by battle or card effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Dracoslayer" monster and 1 "Dracoverlord" monster from your Deck.')
('Des Lacooda', 'Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Draw 1 card.')
('Creation Resonator', 'If you control a Level 8 or higher Synchro Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).')
('Chrysalis Larva', 'You can Tribute this card while "Neo Space" is on the field to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab" from your hand or Deck.')
('Gravity Blaster', "Equip only to a Machine-Type monster. Once per turn: You can activate this effect; it permanently gains 400 ATK. (This ATK gain remains even if this card leaves the field or the monster becomes unaffected by card effects.) If it battles an opponent's monster, that monster's effect is negated during the Battle Phase only.")
('Jade Knight', 'While this card is in Attack Position, Machine-Type monsters you control with 1200 or less ATK cannot be destroyed by Trap effects. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Level 4 LIGHT Machine-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.')
('St. Joan', '"The Forgiving Maiden" + "Darklord Marie"')
('Dimension Wall', "Activate only when an opponent's monster declares an attack. Instead of you, your opponent takes the Battle Damage you would have taken from this battle.")
('Ancient Gear Ballista', '2 EARTH Machine monsters\r\nIf this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Ancient Gear" monster or 1 "Geartown" from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 Spell/Trap you control and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that card you control, and if you do, change that opponent\'s monster\'s ATK/DEF to 0 until the end of the turn. You can only use each effect of "Ancient Gear Ballista" once per turn.')
('Cubic Wave', 'Target 1 "Cubic" monster you control and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; the ATK of that monster you control becomes double its current ATK, and if it does, the ATK of that monster your opponent controls become half its current ATK. You can banish this card and any number of "Cubic" monsters from your Graveyard, then target face-up monsters your opponent controls equal to the number of those banished "Cubic" monsters; place 1 Cubic Counter on each of them. (Monsters with a Cubic Counter cannot attack, also negate their effects.)')
('Command Knight', 'All Warrior monsters you control gain 400 ATK. If you control another monster, monsters your opponent controls cannot target this card for attacks.')
('Aswan Apparition', "If this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, you can return 1 Trap Card from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.")
('Cybernetic Revolution', 'Tribute 1 "Cyber Dragon"; Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster that lists a "Cyber Dragon" monster as material from your Extra Deck, but it cannot attack directly, also destroy it during the End Phase of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "Cybernetic Revolution" per turn.')
('Number 100: Numeron Dragon', '2 "Number" Xyz Monsters with the same name and Rank\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains ATK equal to the combined Ranks of all Xyz Monsters currently on the field x 1000, until the end of your opponent\'s turn. When this card is destroyed by card effect: You can destroy as many monsters on the field as possible (min. 1), then each player Sets 1 Spell/Trap Card from their Graveyard to their field. When an opponent\'s monster declares an attack while this card is in your Graveyard and you have no cards in your hand or field: You can Special Summon this card.')
('Number C65: King Overfiend', '3 Level 3 DARK monsters\nOnce per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 1000 ATK and DEF. While this card has "Number 65: Djinn Buster" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.\n● Effect Monsters your opponent controls cannot activate their effects.')
('Whitefish Salvage', 'You can target 1 Fish monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Whitefish Salvage" once per turn. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s card effect and sent to your GY: Take 1 Fish monster from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or Special Summon it.')
('Reptilianne Naga', 'This card cannot be destroyed by battle. The ATK of any monster that battles this card becomes 0 at the end of that Battle Phase. During your End Phase, change this face-up Defense Position card on the field to face-up Attack Position.')
('Crossrose Dragon', '2 monsters with different Types\r\nDuring the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card and 1 Plant monster; Special Summon 1 "Rose" Synchro Monster or 1 Plant Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Synchro Summon.) If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by card effect, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 "Rose Dragon" monster from your GY. You can only use each effect of "Crossrose Dragon" once per turn.')
('Dark Diviner', "1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner Insect-Type monster\nThis card cannot be destroyed by battle. When this card declares an attack, if the ATK of the attack target is higher than this card: The ATK of the attack target becomes equal to this face-up card's current ATK. This change lasts until the end of the Battle Phase. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Send the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.")
('Orcust Knightmare', 'Cannot be destroyed by battle with a Link Monster. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; you cannot Special Summon monsters, except DARK monsters, for the rest of this turn, also send 1 DARK Machine monster from your Deck to the GY, except "Orcust Knightmare", and if you do, the targeted monster gains ATK equal to the Level of the monster sent to the GY x 100, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Orcust Knightmare" once per turn.')
('Mathematician', 'When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your Deck to the GY. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can draw 1 card.')
('Survival of the Fittest', "Target 1 Dinosaur-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 1000 ATK. When that attacking monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can activate this effect; the equipped monster can make a second attack on an opponent's monster in a row.")
('Score the Melodious Diva', 'During damage calculation (in either player\'s turn), if a "Melodious" monster you control battles an opponent\'s monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; change that opponent\'s monster\'s ATK and DEF to 0, until the end of this turn.')
('Mythic Water Dragon', 'If you control an EARTH monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Mythic Water Dragon" once per turn this way.')
('Dark Cure', 'When your opponent Summons a monster(s), they gain Life Points equal to half the ATK of 1 of the Summoned monsters of your choice.')
('Fusion Weapon', 'Equip only to a Level 6 or lower Fusion Monster. The equipped monster gains 1500 ATK and DEF.')
("Archfiend's Oath", 'Once per turn: You can pay 500 Life Points, then declare 1 card name; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is the declared card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard.')
('Muka Muka', 'This card gains 300 ATK and DEF for each card in your hand.')
('Flying Carp', '(Quick Effect): You can discard 1 WATER monster; this card gains 500 ATK. When this card destroys an opponent\'s monster by battle: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use each effect of "Flying Carp" once per turn.')
('Magical Labyrinth', 'Equip only to "Labyrinth Wall". You can Tribute the equipped monster; Special Summon "Wall Shadow" from your Deck.')
('Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon', 'Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 300 ATK for each Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard.')
('Ultimate Insect LV7', 'If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Ultimate Insect LV5", while it remains on the field all your opponent\'s monsters lose 700 ATK and DEF.')
('Great Bill', "Nothing escapes from this beast's massive mouth.")
('Predaplant Squid Drosera', 'You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster you control; this turn, it can attack all monsters your opponent controls with a Predator Counter, once each. If this face-up card leaves the field: Place 1 Predator Counter on each Special Summoned monster your opponent controls, and if you do, any of those monsters that are Level 2 or higher become Level 1 as long as they have a Predator Counter.')
('Stygian Sergeants', "1 Fiend-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters\nWhen this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can have this card gain 800 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase, also this card can make a second attack in a row.")
('Dancing Elf', 'An elf that dances across the sky with wings of razor-sharp blades.')
('Meklord Factory', 'When a "Meklord" monster on the field is targeted for an attack: Target 1 "Meklord Army" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand, then destroy the attack target.')
('Elemental HERO Captain Gold', 'You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Skyscraper" from your Deck to your hand. If "Skyscraper" is not face-up on the field, destroy this card.')
('Penumbral Soldier Lady', 'If this card battles a LIGHT monster, this card gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only.')
('Sword of the Soul-Eater', 'You can only equip this card to a Level 3 or lower Normal Monster on your side of the field. When you activate this card, Tribute all Normal Monsters (except Tokens) on your side of the field, except the equipped monster. Increase the ATK of the equipped monster by 1000 points for each Normal Monster that you Tributed.')
('Bug Signal', 'Target 1 Insect Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Insect monster that is 2 Ranks higher or lower than that monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to that target also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) You can only activate 1 "Bug Signal" per turn.')
('Horseytail Token', 'Special Summoned with the effect of "Horseytail". When this Token is destroyed by battle with a Plant-Type monster, its controller sends 1 card from their hand to the Graveyard.')
('Darknight Parshath', "If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can banish 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard; draw 1 card. This card gains 100 ATK for each DARK monster in your Graveyard.")
('Batteryman AAA', 'When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up, you can Special Summon 1 "Batteryman AAA" from your hand or Graveyard.')
('Saber Reflection', 'When you take battle or effect damage while you control an "X-Saber" monster: Gain LP equal to the damage you took, and if you do, inflict the same amount of damage to your opponent, then you can add 1 "Saber" Spell/Trap Card or "Gottoms" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Saber Reflection" per turn.')
('Sage of Stillness', "If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards during the next turn.")
('Call of Darkness', 'All monsters restored with "Monster Reborn" are sent to the Graveyard. "Monster Reborn" also cannot be played as long as this card remains on the field.')
('Number 48: Shadow Lich', '2 Level 3 monsters\nOnce per turn, during your opponent\'s turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Phantom Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 500/DEF 500). (This is a Quick Effect.) While you control a "Phantom Token", your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card gains 500 ATK for each "Phantom Token" you control.')
('Attendant of the Ice Barrier', 'You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Ice Barrier" monster from your hand. If this card is in your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can target 1 Level 3 or higher WATER monster you control; reduce its Level by 2, and if you do, Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Attendant of the Ice Barrier" once per turn.')
('Swarm of Crows', "Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.")
("Shinato's Ark", 'This card is used to Ritual Summon "Shinato, King of a Higher Plane". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 8 or more from the field or your hand.')
('Zenmailfunction', 'Target 1 "Wind-Up" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position. Its effect(s) is negated, and it cannot be Tributed or used as a Synchro Material Monster.')
('Insect Armor with Laser Cannon', 'Equip only to an Insect monster. It gains 700 ATK.')
('Gachi Gachi Gantetsu', '2 Level 2 monsters \nIf this face-up card would be destroyed, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead. Face-up monsters you control gain 200 ATK and DEF for each Xyz Material attached to this card.')
('Defensive Tactics', 'If you control a face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster: For the rest of this turn, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, and any Battle Damage you take is reduced to 0. After this card resolves, put it on the bottom of your Deck.')
('Guardragon Shield', 'You can target 1 Dragon monster you control; it gains ATK/DEF equal to the total Link Rating of the Link Monsters currently on the field x 100, until the end of the opponent\'s turn. You can only use this effect of "Guardragon Shield" once per turn. Once per turn, if exactly 1 Dragon monster you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can send 1 Normal Monster from your hand or Deck to the GY instead.')
('Necrovalley Temple', 'While a "Gravekeeper\'s" monster(s) and "Necrovalley" are both on the field, monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK/DEF. Once per turn, during the Main Phase, if you control no card in your Field Zone: You can activate 1 "Necrovalley" directly from your hand or GY. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent\'s effect and sent to your GY: You can Set 1 "Necrovalley" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck, except "Necrovalley Temple".')
('Naturia Sacred Tree', 'If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 "Naturia" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Naturia Sacred Tree". You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Naturia Sacred Tree" per turn, and only once that turn.\n● You can Tribute 1 EARTH Insect-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower EARTH Plant-Type monster from your Deck.\n● You can Tribute 1 EARTH Plant-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower EARTH Insect-Type monster from your Deck.')
('Fabled Ashenveil', "If this card attacks or is attacked, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard once per battle; this card gains 600 ATK during that damage calculation only.")
('Ancient Gear Hydra', 'At the end of the Damage Step, when this card that was Tribute Summoned by Tributing an "Ancient Gear" monster battles an opponent\'s monster, but the opponent\'s monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can banish that opponent\'s monster. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Gadget" monster, it can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. If an "Ancient Gear" monster you control attacks, your opponent\'s Spell/Trap Cards and monster effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step.')
('White Hole', 'When your opponent activates "Dark Hole": Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by that "Dark Hole\'s" effect.')
('The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak', 'If this card is in Attack Position: You can target 1 DARK monster on the field; change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, that monster gains 800 ATK/DEF until the end of your opponent\'s turn. You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "The Phantom Knights" card from your Deck to your hand, except "The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak". You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak" once per turn.')
('Synchron Token', 'This card can be used as a "Synchron Token".\n\n*If used for another Token, apply that Token\'s Type/Attribute/Level/ATK/DEF.')
('Stardust Phantom', 'When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent\'s card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard, you can select 1 "Stardust Dragon" in your Graveyard and Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position. You can remove from play this card in the Graveyard to select 1 face-up Dragon-Type Synchro Monster you control. Once per turn, that Synchro Monster cannot be destroyed by battle, but each time this effect is applied, it loses 800 ATK and DEF at the end of the Damage Step.')
('Anesthrokket Dragon', 'When a Link Monster\'s effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then make 1 face-up monster on the field unable to attack, also it has its effects negated. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Anesthrokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Anesthrokket Dragon" once per turn.')
('Pendulum Impenetrable', "This turn, cards in Pendulum Zones cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects, also negate any effect activated by your opponent that targeted a card(s) in the Pendulum Zones.")
('Secure Gardna', '1 Cyberse Link Monster\r\nAfter this card is Special Summoned, you take no effect damage for the rest of this turn. Once per turn, if you would take battle or effect damage, you take no damage. Cannot be used as Link Material. You can only control 1 "Secure Gardna".')
('Killer Needle', "A huge bee with exceptional strength that's particularly dangerous in a swarm.")
("Survival's End", 'Destroy as many Normal Monsters on the field as possible, and if you do, Special Summon Level 4 or lower Dinosaur-Type monsters from your Deck, up to the number destroyed, but destroy them during the End Phase. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Dinosaur-Type monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them.')
('Dragonmaid Ernus', 'Cannot be destroyed by card effects while you control a Fusion Monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dragonmaid Ernus" once per turn.\r\n● (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand.\r\n● At the end of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 2 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand.')
('United Resistance', 'The people that gather to swear to fight their oppressors. A revolution is coming.')
('Magical Musketeer Doc', 'During either player\'s turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in this card\'s column: You can add 1 "Magical Musket" card from your GY to your hand, but not a card with the same name as that activated card. You can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Doc" once per turn.')
('Performapal Smile Sorcerer', '[ Pendulum Effect ]\r\nIf a monster(s) you control whose current ATK is higher than its original ATK is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Smile Sorcerer" once per turn.\r\n----------------------------------------\r\n[ Monster Effect ]\r\nIf this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Smile" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. If every monster you control is a "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monster, or a "Magician" Pendulum Monster, and this card\'s current ATK is higher than its original ATK: You can draw cards equal to the number of monsters you control whose current ATK is higher than their original ATK, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn. You can only use each monster effect of "Performapal Smile Sorcerer" once per turn.')
('Blue Medicine', 'Increase your Life Points by 400 points.')
